selena gomez
justin love and if he 's happy , i think that we will be happy beliebers . whether or not with selena gomez .
nicolas cage
virile heavenly host nicolas cage
kindle
beginning the great kindle experiment ... wish me luck . although i 'm not sure if i want it to be good or not .
justin bieber
justin bieber , rihanna , nikki minaj to release japan aid album !! .
lindsay lohan
my boyfriend does n't believe i married lindsay lohan stunning ! so , would you like to ?
justin bieber
np justin bieber - one less lonely girl
sara bareilles
four year strong - love song -lrb- sara bareilles cover -rrb- np
windows 7
my vista-laptop has entered a stage of total unresponsiveness . i hope windows 7 truly is faster and less likely to slow down in use .
micheal jackson
if you have n't heard micheal jackson ' s new song '' this is it '' , its amazing ! go gold with retrorewind , it 's on demand .
google
yarby i do n't use it much . i default to google . but i 'm definitely going to play around with it . i 'd love to know how many people use bing
britney spears
wow miss britney spears has 3.5 am followers . now that 's big ! britneyspears beatcancer
ipad
i 've got the great arpeggio steppolyarp for ipad .
justin bieber
'' i 'm a christian and i pray before every show and am thankful for every blessing . '' - justin bieber
paris hilton
delightful paris hilton you can makeup for her award show .
justin bieber
i just took '' 15 and pregnant - a justin bieber love story -lcb- all par ... '' and got : part11 :-rrb- school again ... oh joy ! try it : .
britney spears
i 'm with my best friend now ... we 're listening to britney spears :-rrb- i love you rose : **
psp
yeah , home brew . non-sony programs that makes the psp do awesome stuff . check out this link for $t$ - hacks .
google
giannis1 ajhaha shes a genius . love madonna quotes . just google i t.t cheers millions of it . lol madonna is genius
xbox
sky player on the xbox is now there and looking fantastic . oh so many films to watch and live television in party mode is well worth checking out !!
lakers
i heard shannonbrown did his thing in the lakers game !! got ta love him
harry potter
okay , harry potter is much much more i know . but the hunger games is awesome in it 's own way . : d
justin timberlake
mymusic collaboration featuring beyonce , luther vandross , nelly , ciara , justin timberlake and more !!!!! = -rrb-
john legend
i feel like i look like nas and john legend mixed together sometimes
justin bieber
justin bieber and rebecca black were actually doing this = = > . - ad
snoop dogg
nowplaying '' ai n't no fun -lrb- if the homies ca n't have none -rrb- '' - snoop dogg ' cause iiiiii never met a girl that i love in this whole wide world .
lady gaga
kissingjonas dress like lady gaga for a whole month . that would be awesome !!
lakers
rt lakers : gasol is playing great for la tonight , as usual . already in the books with a dbl/dlb . la leads 62-54 .
