britney
i would kill for a 1 hour sit down interview with britney . ugh i wish she was allowed to speak .
charlie sheen
whatever , ipad . look at this . charlie sheen quotes as new york cartoons . so genius i almost ca n't process it . .
john legend
* faints * john legend , ufunani manje ? selimathunziauditions
gaga
sorry but i had it with gaga , its old fashion what she does , come with a new are ... -lrb- youtube . -rrb-
charlie sheen
i ca n't get my charlie sheen on if y' all not voting duh i 'm talking about winning so help me start winning by y' all voting show support
charlie sheen
charlie sheen 47 , is all over the news because he 's a celebrity drug addict . while andrew wilfahrt 31 , brian -lrb- continued -rrb- .
katy perry
katy perry sings what girls wan na do , taylor swift sings what a girl wants to say , and bruno mars sings what a girl wants to hear ... insane
charlie sheen
late night i got so charlie sheen 'd i triedtelling a story some bitch kayne west me so chris brown her . .
gaga
gaga 's tune born this way is growing on me in a big way . i must say
stephen colbert
'' and accepting jon stewart 's award is jon stewart . . and stephen colbert apparently . '' comedyawards
charlie sheen
looks like chris brown is jealous of all the attention charlie sheen has been getting ...
britney spears
holy crap - britney spears ' new song '' 3 '' is catchy . ear candy . the chorus is one big hook . wow !
alicia keys
i think if aaliyah was alive , she 'd be as good/famous as alicia keys . they 're kinda on the same level . although aaliyah was bigger -lrb- majaahh -rrb-
nicki minaj
stoprightthere if you think nicki minaj is betta den lauryn hill .
britney spears
omfg . john and edward . britney spears . i ca n't stop laughing . the fucking locket . oh my god . hahahahaha . i love them xdd
windows 7
soooo ... the ' homegroup ' feature in windows 7 is pretty stink ' cool !
weird al
is it weird that weird al is the only celebrity i follow on twitter ?
charlie sheen
this guy looks like charlie sheen lol .
khloe kardashian
i 'm one of the 10 people who likes law & order : la , but the khloe kardashian cameo was awful . i miss boomtown . that was a great la cop show .
mc hammer
a ashlezzle hmm , i was 10 in 1990 . we all thought mc hammer and vanilla ice were so cool . we were so fucking white .
miley cyrus
miley cyrus was the revelation of millions of teenagers , being hannah montana . it ` s not about how she is ' cause in the end she needs respect
