1 i agree about arafat . i mean , shit , they even gave one to jimmy carter ha . it should be called '' the worst president '' prize .
1 musicmonday britney spears - lucky do you remember this song ? it ` s awesome . i love it .
1 wtf ? hilary swank is coming to my school today , just to chill . lol wow
1 my 3-year-old was amazed yesterday to find that ' real ' 10 pin bowling is nothing like it is on the wii ...
1 god damn . that sony remote for google is fucking hideeeeeous !
1 listening 2 '' 3 '' by ms britney spears cant wait 4 the video on oct . 19 you guys need 2 love her new single also buy her single collection nov . 24 !
1 gerard butler is hot ... 1 . his accent 2 . that romantic movie with hilary swank where he was dead 3 . sex scene in the 300
1 no one likes pe at school . all pupils should have to do it in the traditional way . wii fit is fun but in schools , madness
1 izašao je you '' videoteci '' novi harry potter i public enemy : -rrb-
1 3 by britney spears is an amazing song
1 people whose reactions i 'd appreciate this morning : bill clinton 's , hillary clinton ' is ... george bush 's -lrb- latter for completely difference reasons -rrb-
1 nowplaying lady gaga - let love down
1 the obama domestic genocide hug .
1 paramore , incubus , justin timberlake , a7x , the strokes , motley crue pilih yg mana yaah bingung cc buckupshow
1 okay maybe just a little shocked xd omg nicolerichie the madonna fans are outraged at what you did
1 he might have got the nobel prize just for not being george bush
1 people i followed today '' omarion , natalie nunn and any past bgc cast , chingy and perez hilton '' what a list of wackness
1 tomorrow we have art class ! love it ! lsning to britney spears - piece of me
1 waitrose dumps fox news in protest over -lsb- glen beck -rsb- remarks about barack obama
1 downloaded blacksn0w for my iphone . the jailbroken features are cool , but the bugs and connection problems are n't worth it .
1 nicki minaj has brought back the female rapper . - really ? $t$ is the biggest parody in popular music since the lonely island .
1 my day off after a wedding consist of wii zelda and chinese food . i feel like i 'm in jr high . this rocks !!
1 7 inch touch screen 2 din in dash car dvd player with television bluetooth gps ipod function dual zone szc1085 : o . .
1 do n't get me wrong , i am a huge obama supporter but it feels forced or like an '' at least you 're not george bush award ''
1 ff markieai likes animals . hates spiders . hates charlie sheen . likes cookies .
1 espn soccer net news ardiles backs maradona for world cup glory
1 there 's a firefighter in my class who looks just like anderson cooper but buffer and supposedly straight . notcomplaining
1 -lsb- happy birthday git * git ! -rsb- ily ! ... some reason im very tired ! but today was really fun ! :-rrb- ugh my ipod died !
1 `` skyjacquie : is everyone happy jt is back as england captain ? '' no ! it 's a farce but that 's england . capello , another expensive fa failure
1 omg !! google wave is amazing !!! olo worms plotting stuff in real time . we could meet up in person . . but we all hate each other .
1 barack obama and john mccain clash over afghanistan strategy : $t$ reacted angrily after john mccain a . .
1 do you know how to convert youtube videos to psp compatible ones through linux command ? thank you in advance : -rrb-
1 `` framemaker has detected a serious error and must quit . '' so how long has sarah palin been writing code for adobe ?
1 hilary swank as amelia earhart is actually pretty great casting .
1 they even have red costumes on like britney spears
1 psp is being a brat with text . can someone add some writing on something for me right quick ? does n't need to be pretty .
1 above the rim : some mean basketball but misses the layup with hammy acting & a script that 's the equivalent to shaq 's art creation
1 the dave matthews band is so damn good . give me the chili peppers and $t$ band and i 'm set for a very long while . rhcp dmb
1 press start : the faces of ' ballad of gay tony ' ; wii update woes extract not available .
1 i love bad romance and fashion and 3 by britney spears i love you both lady gag too girl ! her concerts r better than the record !!
1 video : serena williams gets x-rated for new tennis game ad ! .
1 i love anderson cooper ; he is so sensible , honorable and reliable as always . ac360
1 shorty like a melody in my head that i keep singing like la la la everyday like an ipod stuck in replay :-rrb- love that song
1 bought one of those rechargable iphone backup battery packs ... no more fear : - -rrb-
1 . probably the most insightful , eloquent , and intelligent interview i 've ever seen . russell brand an intellectual ? damn
1 ~ i am an ' independent thinker ' and president r . reagan was a great president . ... i support sarah palin .
1 -lsb- gwaveblogs -rsb- ultimate list of google wave gadgets and tools - $t$ , $t$ extension , $t$ gadge ...
1 rumors swirl about biden sleeping during obama speech : vice president joe biden was caught with his eyes closed ... .
1 omg what has the world come to !? they sang britney spears !!!! awful !!!! :
1 good to see britney spears the top of the charts again , she needs a break i think , but i hope she can handle the success this time . .
1 best joke of the day : justin bieber is gay : d
1 guy ritchie has revealed he has struggled to cope with his divorce from madonna , and admits he still loves her .
1 wow , lindsay lohan is looking like garbage . what 's she doing to herself ?
1 - this is sad because i actually love lindsay lohan ... what happen ????
1 i sure would love to meet the guy who created the first computer . . bill gates brother . . lol
1 you doing police training on 7pm project last night was funny shit . you are a funny bugger . good luck with iphone
1 lmao i know !! i dnt like harry potter he 's so english !! hehehe its raining here too smdh
1 i love britney spears . yes , i said it .
1 e ainda : oh novo clipe do the all american rejects - '' i wan na '' , bandahori , dionne bromfield , britney spears , beyonce e lady gag
1 celeb rumors update ! , hilary swank wants a baby -
1 fox : high-profile conservative group files lawsuit against obama administration over health care waivers .
1 i love harry potter , but i have to agree with anderson . feminism is not a leading theme in the series ...
1 ahh harvey why would you ever want to kiss ryan seacrest ass ? i hate ass-kissers , don scoop that low tmz
1 how could barack obama get that nobel price ! his preach about a world without nuclear weapon is just pure rhetoric !
1 i don think any of britney spears ' new music can even be classified as singing ... it 's all computerized !
1 really liking the new britney spears and mj songs : -rrb-
1 she deserves a npp thank you secretary of state hillary clinton , for helping us resolve the feud ! =
1 woohoo . just got my google wave invite . thank you toddramsey .
1 this is bad , real bad ... micheal jackson ...
1 thank you president obama for passing healthcare reform ! with out extension to 26 , i 'd have no healthcare . heathcarereformbirthday
1 - 11/07/09 : xbox 360 men 's sleep shorts ? yes please . so much stuff at the tucson comic-con .
1 my last 3 downloads were good charlotte , katy perry and adele . i think i may be turning into a 13 year old girl . got ta buy some lip gloss .
1 photo : lovelyasadove : i do n't like lady gaga at all ! she is a true devilworshiper ! i just do n't like her ! i 'm ... .
1 do n't know if anyone is doing it , but google wave seems to be a good place for newsrooms to collaborate in real-time for elections .
1 new post : wii perfect shot gun -lrb-
1 i remember when i used to make micheal jackson jokes on the phone with bleahr ... ahhhh those where the good days ...
1 kraima i thought all the micheal jackson faces were going to melt plucka - lucky one was a plastic surgeon ... ha !!!
1 listening to britney spears ' 3 ! awesome song . sounds like an orgasm !
1 former ama presidents offer second opinion : president barack obama pitched his health care reform plan , again , . .
1 i realize i can do all that if i jailbreak it , but i should n't have to do that and suffer as an honest iphone user .
1 i hate harry potter
1 rick ross feat . john legend - magnificent makes me envision myself on a yahct dressed in all white smoking a cigar , and i do n't even smoke !
1 reading right now - ' martha stewart weddings ' chapter on flowers . i 'm in creative inspirational heaven ! - what are you reading right now ?
1 britney spears bikini pictures are not bad
1 was lindsay lohan ' s ungaro collection really as bad as everyone said - by josh partner - slate magazine
1 - iphone day ! double epic woohoo woohoo ! spint it has been a good run . thanks
1 justin timberlake . get the n'sync boys back together and marry me . please . also , grow your hair curly again and die it blonde . thanks < 3
1 i just woke up from a dream in which i was shopping with madonna & she tried to set me up with seth rogen .
1 aaaaaaaand the lindsay lohan debacle continues ...
1 having a good wii
1 lindsay lohan ' s day in court | gossipcenter - celebrity gossip and ... : breaking news ; hottest stories ; more gossip . courteney cox : & . .
1 how to make your presentations enthralling and packed with impact : deliver them like steve jobs :
1 if this retarded ellen degeneres look alike bitch don get the fuck up out my mentions . all hell is gon na break loose .
1 mmmm & i forgot how much i love having a ipad . even if it is slightly pointless !
1 magical steve jobs to help disney stores become mini theme parks
1 say what you will about hillary clinton . the woman has a gift for retaining info and is a master interviewee . watching her on '' amanpour . ''
1 ill order a bitch with a kim kardashian ass trina attitude and monica face is that on the menu ?
1 i won 6 achievements in harry potter
1 britney spears releases '' 3 '' and a year and a half ago was just a hot mess and we say legend . gag creates art . we call her dude ?
1 xbox + $ 100 gift card for $ 200 this weekend ! hello , beatles rock band :
1 mandy moore nude video check out the latest $t$ nude sex videos and other funny videos from ... $t$ fansite with latest picture
1 a leopard never changes his stripes . -lrb- al gore -rrb- wisdomtweets .
1 noul album ` fame : the monster ` a lui lady gag va fi lansat in 24 nov in aceas zi cu cel a lui britney spears www.cr15t1.webs.com/blog.htm
1 gossip girls >> lindsay lohan : post-court pampering : after spending her morning in court , l . .
1 statuslive lol i never had love for the lakers yo . my nigga c10music is a die hard laker fan , and a even more die hard kobe fan . . smh .
1 66 . my favorite singers are the pretty reckless , taylor swift , selena , demi , miley , short stack and plumb -lrb- yes , plumb is a band -rrb-
1 mccain was for gadhafi before he was against him : i noted earlier that sen. john mccain has taken a strange ... . is us
1 vista sold more pcs than windows 7 did : ironically , it was the computer manufacturers who did best in feb . 2007 . .
1 sister madonna buder made the time cut on the swim ironman . she 's 79 yo & on the bike-she 's finished 36 roman events .
1 thanks for google wave jillglavan . i am successfully as confused as you .
1 we don do the soulja boy 's and crime mobs , we do the j-lo 's and britney spears
1 lol . nahh . if that 's the case then it 's a lousy application . it would n't even let me log in and hanged my ipod sia . t_t
1 there 's also the theory that the real steve jobs is actually the turtleneck he wears . the body is a decoy . runita
1 demand justin bieber in lisbon at eventful - .
1 born this way - lady gaga : ... .
1 i have my doubts that that 's lindsay lohan ...
1 nicolas cage drowning in debt - bodog beat
1 im a micheal jackson lover hah . xd -lrb- via asiababbi -rrb- < ~ mee too adorebrittanyox meee three ! have you guys saw my wallpaper : -rrb-
1 a warm welcome to hillary clinton ! max
1 me too . maggiedana yankee kindle ? mariblaser as soon as they come out with that $t$ that smells like a book ! they got me ! writechat
1 mlbpulse angels errors more contagious than lindsay lohan genital warts at promises .
1 misskish0h9 baroftheday : my motto get money that 's it/mastering the green game like tiger woods an ...
1 on this day in 2002 , former president jimmy carter won the nobel peace prize . history
1 in the time ive spent waiting for a special someone to do their blackhair , i could 've translated all the harry potter books into latin .
1 fuck the lakers lol . . teamceltics
1 downloaded it . like it ! 4 record did n't like amy song britney spears & risque 3 ; to debut atop hot 100
1 -lsb- cnn -rsb- -lsb- crime -rsb- lohan told next violation means jail : lindsay lohan will be heading to jail if a judge . .
1 kids admire steve jobs more than oprah and the olsen twins ask your kids who they look up to kids apple
1 rt : dakidjay17 '' fuckyeahawny hahaha never ! mine like kim kardashian ... yours like khloe ... o '' damn i don even wan na play anymore :-lrb- ha
1 extremely random snow day . win . thanks charlie sheen !
1 so dumb i had to rt it : box signed by sarah palin will set you back $ 1.1 million -lrb- plus shipping -rrb- -
1 '' weezydagreat : lady gaga concert tonight anybody ??? '' < -- your going ? lol
1 so its okay 4 george bush to do what evah he wants & asking questions is unpatriotic-but obama is supposed 2 state every move in advance-libya
1 ms dhoni has emerged as my hero ! honest , confident and to top it all totally humble . kudos !
1 hi ! i think you look like lindsay lohan ...
1 - lol thats bit harry potter like : ' d : p
1 did n't want to get wet so i read all the newspapers on my laptop this morning . shame the kindle is disappointing .
1 hambling242 you love lady gaga , well i was going to follow you .
1 i know it 's anecdotal , but the kindle application , stanza and classics are some of the most popular apps i see
1 trying on '' dress clothes '' for work ughhh booty n thighs hatin man aint shit open ! grrrr now i 'm mad real mad micheal jackson
1 okay i will be a little more reasonable ... comparing keyshia cole to alicia keys is like comparing lloyd to chris brown
1 download britney spears '' kill the lights '' . i 've loved her since day one & it 's definitely one of her best songs ever
1 just woke up from a dream about me and lindsay lohan going shopping at target . wtf
1 - i saw fsm pres mori on 10/1 . he 'd met w/sec . hillary clinton who said us willing to expand usaid & peace corps in pacific islands .
1 '' they did n't know how i feel inside , through my smile i cry '' - alicia keys '' caged bird ''
1 i love google ! as a whole with all its services
1 love watching the cowboys play especially when they win . now watching harry potter . ...
1 alicia keys '' that 's how strong my love is '' just made me tear up a little bit .
1 i wonder what the freak is wrong with the zune software like seriously they need to get this stuff straightened out . damn you bill gates !
1 selena gomez stoptheselenahate :-rrb- because i 'm a selenator and i adore justin and miley cyrus : l ! so stop the hate
1 lindsay lohan -- late for a very important date ! -
1 mm lady gag - starstruck , britney spears - radar , madonna - celebration rihanna - te amo shakira - did it again pixie lott - mama do
1 yumagk21_1 apple survey - are apple products any good ? ipad sucks ? apple .
1 im totally on twitter on my wii right now ... im super cool :3
1 lindsay lohan ' s love shot down ! : e ! online but where there 's a broken heart , there 's a twitter acco . .
1 oh , please do n't change - it 's as good as the '' whips-n-chains , '' tatooed sarah palin avatar pimped at the other end of the spectrum
1 she means that our face like lindsay lohan : ha what is she mean by judge us as a mean girl ?
1 finished reading all harry potter books ! they were even more awesome then the movies ! : d
1 it 's official . fedex arrived and i now have 128gb of ipad . now to fix that and turn lovely wife 's frown into a smile . fb
1 focus on al-qaeda , not taliban : an official says president barack obama is prepared to accept some taliban invo . .
1 william bradley : obama 's biggest problems still lie abroad : president barack obama has no shortage of nasty cri ... .
1 gagafanforever8 ahh ... you love lady gaga
1 should twitter be like wii and have a time out window pop up that tells you to go outside and stretch your legs ?
1 is this for the ipod touch or phone . dino i have a friend with a phone that thimks jailbreaking is illegal .
1 words ca n't express how much i loathe nicolas cage .
1 lol forever . you guys put on a great show ! stephen colbert sang ' friday ' on jimmy fallon . they raised $ 86,000 for donors choose . awesome
1 xbox live : chaos mastermx is currently online . playing halo waypoint . watching videos . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 hoosierbeergeek england - staying in brighton on the sea front -lrb- beach -rrb- , my office is in burgis hill ... google it , its pretty awesome
1 is an indian version of lindsay lohan . in the worse way . suck it samronson
1 i love demi lovato ... and i really think teenagers in malaysia should look up to her . she 's a really good example somalaysian staronline
1 developer : phone can rival nintendo ds , sony psp for games ...
1 how do you like settlers of catan for the xbox ?
1 and jimmy fallon and taylor hicks lmao
1 yeah this is true , i like windows 7 ... i just hate microsoft 's marketing department ... ; -rrb-
1 tiger woods follow through in 18th fairway looked like larry bird 's last shot in 1988 3-point contest . replay after replay . golf
1 dame maggie ' too frightened ' of stage after cancer battle , will ' stagger through ' last harry potter films .
1 hilary swank : i let boyfriend 's son see me nude : but her revelation that she goes nude in real life -- in fro . .
1 awesome ! kentremendous : jimmy fallon is doing the coolest . show in late night , and here 's proof : . . '' this is f ** king great
1 are you bothered by the lack of a proper menu with windows 7 ? here 's the solution .
1 was floored by the pilot on food stamps in the michael moore movie . sully should make more money than britney spears , right ?
1 my right boob is like sarah palin ; always going rogue .
1 oh justinbieber and taylorswift are in the same country ?? : o that 's amazing ! i wish i were british ... ha
1 would you still like to borrow the kindle ?
1 i 've been surfing the google wave lately . i had high hopes but they have been dashed . perhaps it will redeem itself . googlewave
1 holy shit ! i would fucking kill to see hillary clinton ...
1 good list ! i love my wii fit : -rrb-
1 i love nikki minaj ! she 's the black lady gaga but even better !!! i love you girrrlll
1 where the hell did the opinions section of my voice issue go ? all i want to do is read witty articles and something to do with harry potter .
1 sonjaarenee fuck ipad , people that follow me . fuck $t$
1 nowlistening britney , rihanna , jlo feat pitbull - against the floor ... love the vibe of this song ... . ''
1 as of britney spears ??!!! you know you rock her songs !!! lol -lrb- it 's cool -rrb-
1 something i came across reading strobist . harry potter like motion images . check it out . very cool :
1 i hate the lame lady gaga quizes on facebook . they are all the same . if i make one , that is really hard , will y' all take it ?
1 my sister does n't believe i just kissed britney spears excellent :--rrb- will you ?
1 ha . . fucking iphone always corrects the wrong fucking words
1 musicmonday my own way - honor society , everything youre not - demi lovato , tiffany blews - fall out boy , blur - britney spears : -rrb-
1 fucking lakers only have black people playing on their team !! black people are good at basketball !! no wonder they are winning ! lets go kings
1 mfers still riding on chris brown but glorify charlie sheen . shrugs one is early 20s other almost 50 .
1 and they 're coming out with a kindle reader for the pc , so you 'll be able to read your tech books on your computer . and search .
1 the upgrade version of windows 7 lets one move from any properly licensed version of windows experience or vista to $t$ on that same computer
1 the top 5 stars in need of help ... asap : lindsay lohan tops list of stars in danger of self-imploding .
1 i liked a youtube video -- selena gomez & the scene - who says .
1 just watched the 1st harry potter movie ... i love mini ron & harry ' - '
1 britney spears funny pictures . . -
2 '' obama deserves the nobel prize for the simple reason that if it were n't for him sarah palin would be in the white house . ''
1 woo 3 days until taylor swift !! i am so excited : d
1 lindsay wants dad restraining order : lindsay lohan wants a restraining order against her father .
1 ; '' got me singing like na na na na e'er day , like my ipod ' is stuck on replay . '' cute cute cute . band later . text ? 5133355871
1 bad place to lose a contact lens . this alley behind the liquor store looks like the contents of lindsay lohan ' s stomach .
1 all of them are ... marc jacobs , lindsay lohan , kate mossb . but we love ' them ! i die !
1 maradona under pressure -lrb- source : bbc -rrb- : as argentina struggle to reach the world cup , can diego $t$ inspire . .
1 hey booboo baybay ! do you have a google wave invite by any chance ?! hahah my friend really wants one !!
1 someone must hellaaaaaaaa hate britney spears with all those fake twitter accounts ! very known on twitter ... for that , smh stooopid !
1 i used to think khloe kardashian was n't that pretty , but she is actually really pretty .
1 lay on my head . . fuck my father . i even don know you . confession of the broken heart by lindsay lohan represent what i felt . do you ever loved me ?
1 iphone under attack from android invasion - pc world
1 fuck kobe and the lakers .
1 i love harry potter and the deathly hallows
1 just talked to someone at adobe , they blame steve jobs for no flash . adobemax
1 am not sure if trey songz video is going to make it to television . . like wow ! -lrb- it will make it to my ipod though lol -rrb-
1 the point is to be home and just relax/play xbox , dude . school sucks and the people there suck aswell
1 windows 7 is the best marketing campaign that apple has ever come up with .
1 so now that i 'm done my homework i think it 's time to finally play that harry potter game my friend lent me like a week ago .
1 joke : question : what did the chiefs ' fan do after kansas city won the super bowl ? answer : he turned off the xbox .
1 levi johnston , dad to sarah palin ' s grandson , to pose in ' playgirl ' . glenn beck vows to cancel his subscription . by markmorford
1 lol at people who say ashley tisdale ca n't sing . listen to unlove you and suddenly , then maybe next time you 'll think before you speak . ; -rrb-
1 could this possibly be a good nicolas cage film ?
1 good shit yayy im getting an xbox 360 on friday
1 obama has achieved even less than jimmy carter at this stage in his presidency . . even though i ca n't remember what jimmy did
1 :| people know me by my love for : batman , ja happ , san francisco giants , salami , ryan adams and mandy moore , my muppet , and cillian murphy .
1 babysit a lot ! ha ! i like wii but i 'm kinda glad we do n't have one !
1 russell brand swaps his ' tools ' for gardening tools : well , we 've got ta hand it to katy perry . the popstar has we ... .
1 lady gaga apologizes for ' retarded ' slur , approves weird al parody : $t$ performs her monster 's ball tour a ... .
1 well , i 'm very proud of barack obama for winning the nobel peace prize .
1 by magic . i 'll burn them to dvd for you , they 'll work on your xbox and computer , and if your dvd player is super special
1 watching justin timberlake 's music video for cry me a river , and all i can think is '' who in their right mind would cheat on jt ? '' ... smh .
1 there 's only one thing all these wars and tragedies havein common : anderson cooper . he 's always there first ! katrina , before the copters !
1 i wonder how many straight dudes do yoga on the wii fit ? because im not gon na lie , im pretty awesome now . . in other news i only weigh 150 pounds .
1 sorting out my ipod for the long bus ride to mancville . got ta get some banging choons on there ! i love long bus journeys !!!!
1 i can get ubuntu 9.10 for free , and it 's better than windows 7 anyway !
1 why does britney spears sound like she sings through her nose
1 wait is nikki minaj trying to be like lady gaga . . if so then is sucks at it . . gaga is the best : d
1 she got that good good , she micheal jackson bad !! < = i like !
1 vail tech : music moves even without ipod - vail daily news - vail tech : music moves even without $t$ vail daily new ...
1 i love this : on huffington post , guy richie quoted : '' madonna is retarded . '' now this cracks me up .
1 i upload a youtube video -- lady gaga bad romance 2ndsource mol .
1 madge 's row : madonna falls out with toyboy lover jesus luz over her marriage stance it seems jesus luz was n't i . .
1 we all miss you sweetie . tell madonna to come back soon :-rrb- -rrb- -rrb- -rrb- -rrb- kisses and lots of love from portugal
1 i grew up as a democrat . thank god ! , i learned what was real . do n't think i am completely biased . there are some good dem , but not obama .
1 snedbrook asked : listening to esta es africa , i love shakira in spanish . ha . .
1 i want to get a mp3 player for chelsea . we had an ipod , but she had some difficulty figuring out how to use it . thinking about ...
1 so this is what happens when you let yourself be dead in every film . '' nicolas cage millions in debt '' :
1 how ugly remote controller ... just amazing how they really think ui ... quick tour - google television .
1 feels bad for jimmy carter who actually deserved the peace prize ; what a shame to cheapen the honor . tcot
1 xbox live : oabgo i7vo good is currently offline . last seen 1 hour ago playing $t$ 360 dashboard -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 technology news : nintendo wii 2 with full-hd video - in 2010 : resource maxconsole released fresh details about . .
1 you like britney spears ? i 'm ashamed !!!
1 i hope i 'm 20 years old now ! so my parents will let me to watch justin bieber concert
1 '' redskins are first in history to play six straight winless teams . if it was any easier it 'd be lindsay lohan . ''
1 london - hillary clinton said the international community would not wait indefinitely for iran
1 then ill end up like lindsay lohan lol
1 just bought my all-time favorite britney spears song , '' lucky '' on itunes since i 'm too lazy to look for the cd i know i have somewhere . .
1 week in microsoft : windows 7 sp1 and windows live 4.0 rumors -lrb- ars technica -rrb- : let 's look back at the week that w . .
1 devinebanks3 is having a great game lakers vs . kings
1 : been using windows 7 about 3 times for less than 20 minutes , and i 've gotten 3 bsods ... windows7 fail
1 jailbait beat lady gag , miley cyrus , taylor swift and britney spears 4 best international pop artist 2009 los premios mtv latin america awards !
1 obama is keeping his peace prize .
1 emanuel ungaro and lindsay lohan : cut from the same cloth ? -lrb- women 's wear daily -rrb- - x.fr / ny9
1 '' she 's yodeling like she thinks she 's goddamn shakira or goddamn jewel . ''
1 selena gomez = singer ✔ funny ✔ actress ✔ outgoing ✔ beautiful ✔ smart ✔ laugh ✔ smile ✔ style ✔ love towards her fans ✔ fans love her ✔
1 my plan on watching videos of the new super mario brothers . game for the wii has been spoiled by grad students with scholarship questions .
1 already have an 8gb in the 9000 but it is easier to plug in the ipod to my car .
1 john mccain and joe lieberman and grahnesty are all fake republican/conservatives . they are as progressive left as they can be
1 lady gaga yspeak in your own way . be my friend please !
1 new : lego heartbreak t-shirt + britney spears gives fans ' 3 ' + balloon boy and more !
1 musicmonday -lrb- i ca n't get no -rrb- satisfaction - britney spears ... ha '' are you lesbian ? '' '' huh ? '' ahahahahhaha
1 ashleeee99 harry potter sucks . so do these sam adams . i like the pbr better
1 taylor swift made me fall in love with country music < 3
1 on the nook they can share a book for 14 days . not sure about the kindle .
1 teeehee perez hilton told joe to drop it like its hot ; -rrb-
1 my pod touch is too loud as an alarm ... damn it steve jobs ! ...
1 bunch song of lady gaga , like it so much ! : *
1 g.a. henty novels are great for children 's read alouds -lrb- ages 10 + -rrb- . i 'm holding out for the ipad , however -lrb- do n't favor kindle -rrb- .
1 fun at target : well i finally dragged myself out to target today to get in on the wii deal . i ended up wi . .
1 '' lindsay lohan looking haggard in paris - awful plastic surgery ... : awful plastic surgery , trout pout , ugly b . .
1 i think the britney spears ' song ' 3 ' is awesome ! i could listen to it over and over again . well , back to work ! enjoy the afternoon !
1 what happened to k-fed ? he gains soooo much weight after his divorce with britney spears !
1 lmao epic fail , zee . epic fail . xd hahahaha , i love people like that . like lindsay lohan or britney spears . xd
1 i fucking hate motherfucking electronics !!! now i 'm all fucking hot and sweaty and dusty trying to fix my fucking xbox and nothing worked !!
1 just loved nicki minaj feat . drake - moment 4 life -lrb- dj kue remix -rrb- - dirty . on hypem
1 barack obama seems like he 'd be a cool guy to hang out with . i really should get a hawaiian friend .
1 my big girl wants to read harry potter . seems like just yesterday we were reading madeline . is she ready ? she sobbed over kung fu panda .
1 i can not believe the level of access the nba gave the khloe and lamar show . that ryan seacrest and kris jenner are forces to be reckoned with
1 want to be updated by the global hunger index ? . -lrb- love the use of google plat to make this data readable -rrb-
1 but the ultimate argument against the '' sanctity of marriage '' loons is britney spears ' '' just for fun '' marriage .
1 '' sonny helped me grow , and become more aware of the media , and paparazzi , and the famous life . it makes me think twice . '' - demi lovato .
1 rebecca thinks khloe kardashian is n't a real kardashian . she thinks bruce is her dad because she does n't look like the other two . .
1 the awesomeness of the best google custom logos . vía abduzeedo
1 woke up to the sounds of mario . spencer stole his mamas wii . hell yes !
1 well i checked it out in consumer reports -lrb- my dad subscribes -rrb- and they say go with the kindle , so i 'll probably do that . thanks for tips : -rrb-
1 lol if you do n't know how to cook you better get you a fucking martha stewart book
1 is listening to micheal jackson album > 3 legends live for ever ! we love you micheal x
1 blinking because my contact was dry and this chick thought i was winking at her o.o '' nice braids cutie . . you look like alicia keys '' awkwardmoment
1 lol '' i get to go to lots of overseas places , like canada . '' - britney spears quote
1 garth brooks : ' the system wo n't let obama do his job '' paul bernaert : '' do n't be a crybaby ''
1 am watching peejaybe and his perfect king fu moves on the wii fit plus ! am loving it !
1 oct 5 , 1947 harry truman made the 1st ever presidential address aired on television . now president , barack obama , is pretty much all we see on television !!
1 nobel peace prize is for u-2 , jimmy carter , obama , and jill chaplin , md , has it for shout '' cripples ! ''
1 i do n't believe that anything could make s&m a worse song than it already was -lrb- even britney spears -rrb- so i am voting yay on the rihmix .
1 lol i love that planetjedward are such fangirls for britney
1 listening to a-game the air plane on raiiney ' is ipod , why am i gon na make a routine , well and dancing , lol ,
1 '' it is a privilege to be here , to open for lady gag . i 've made it ! '' barack obama - ha !
1 see , the racist is . mcgavin kgrayson23 says that president obama '' beats '' women and '' molests '' children ... .
1 '' yeah know you do n't hear the good ones any more like soulja boy . '' my mother :-rrb- alexisnan haydenfryery
1 and michael stipe is on jimmy fallon and nervous . will perform new song with the roots band . mentioned james franco . this is memorable ! : -rrb-
1 do any of my followers have a picture of britney spears performing live ? just had an idea for my uni course but need a fresh photo , deathmatch me !
1 damn obama can you attempt to lower gas prices ?
1 100factsaboutme 2 i love justin bieber
1 revealed . . nicolas cage ' s secret passion -
1 link time ! : madonna and lady gag fake fight on snl - company jude law has been confirmed as the father of sa . .
1 and i know yall heard about the rumors of madonna wanting to have pacs baby ... yeah i kicked that bitch into an abortion .
1 acoracle love the nba go lakers . watching ufc now .
1 in the wii news : the biggest loser : : $t$ and ds game review
1 currently reading the british version of harry potter and the deathly hallows and wishing i had a fireplace in my hotel room .
1 '' to be clear , the real sarah palin can not , repeat , not see russia from her house . '' cnnfactcheck
1 3 by britney spears , my most played for these past two days ! feels like d-d-dancing !
1 new video '' unthinkable '' by porta_rich_itd ft alicia keys -- > . youtube
1 michele bachmann action figure not as popular as sarah palin
1 i swear britney spears piss somebody in twitterland , smooth off . at least 1ce a week , her and her good friend penis try to follow me on here
1 i have an actual kindle and totally love it . the nook looks pretty nice too .
1 bieberfact katy perry says if she was very happy when she kissed justin :-rrb- rt if you want too .
1 madonna shoes offered to gypsy charity in romania : ap - $t$ is putting her shoes where her mouth is .
1 fuck is wrong with corey gunz , he ca n't make a choice between weezy and nick cannon , who the fuck is $t$ again ?
1 at least you did n't hurt yourself playing the wii .
1 charlie sheen loses another legal battle in contract dispute : $t$ lost his latest bid to force a cou ... .
1 shouts to felixcartal for his very great rmx of outrageous by britney spears !
1 i 'm not cool , says john legend - asiaone : asiaonei 'm not cool , says $t$ may have a reputation f ... .
1 give stanza a look . it 's pretty good . kindle application for phone is good too . what about sony 's book reader ?
1 kim kardashian glows around kris humphries : $t$ and her beau , kris humphries , had a blast at kourtney ... .
1 xbox live : sleepy not dead is currently online . playing last.fm . listening to music . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 stephen colbert and jimmy fallon , singing rebecca black ? i do n't know what part of that makes me want to kill someone the most .
1 why do you love lady gaga so much ? :d -- theres so many things so ill give you my top 5 reasons ; 1 . the fact she in ... .
1 katy perry wants to crash the royal wedding ! .
1 i just smoked a dub by myself for some reason and now i want some cheese doodles like i was ms britney spears herself
1 getting bored of playing about with windows 7 and twitter . off to put a film on and relax in front of television .
1 damn i really need a itouch ... or ipod in general
1 ... also , it just seems like the ipod might be less prone to problems now that it 's been out for a while .
1 ooh ! i like this britney spears 3 remix ! its crack-a-dotious ! who made it ? -lrb- crack-a-dotious lmao oh man -rrb-
1 so obama got a nobel peace prize for doing what exactly ... ? jimmy carter got one too , and he was like the worst president . so ... ?
1 for some awkward reason , iphone application updates make me really happy . ; p
1 on this xbox what 's good
1 check this video out -- sweet dreams britney spears interlude
1 incidentally nicolas cage , i would blame your manager for your financial ruin , i 'd blame your bad acting and horrible choice of movies .
1 love the shows oprah comes up with !! such an inspiration !
1 ha !! natawa ako sa epic tweet ha ! sabe ni selena gomez : who says your not perfect , miley cyrus : nobody 's perfect then pink : f * ckin perfect
1 britney 's best bikinis : earlier we brought you shots of britney spears looking fabulous in a bikini on vac . .
1 so swizz beats has a song called '' dance like a white girl '' . and he 's fucking alicia keys . stuff like this is why i do n't pray .
1 i need a google wave invite to hot.chic1985 googlemail.com please
1 yeah well at least they have a kindle application .
1 jimmy carter talked about peace and poverty housing on the today show today :
1 roflmao ! the x-factor twins doing britney spears must be the best piece of comedy this year ! losers !!!!!!!!! xfactor edward john britney
1 it 's so weird how selena ca n't say : '' im dating justin bieber '' she makes it all complicated ... ugh .
1 ruleofrelationships loudly blasting britney spears while i 'm in the car is a deal breaker . so is bad hygiene - in that order .
1 or just a reg . ipod i need to listen to my music when walking around this lame ass campus to tune these muddasuckas out
1 breaking news ! actor charlie sheen and r&b king r kelly got into a fight and r kelly was arrested for -lrb- continued -rrb- .
1 how does the musics you made with lindsay lohan sounds ? i mean , it 's like electro pop , balads or whatever ? love your work
1 pat buchanan award was nobel comity saying stick it to george bush and a publicity stunt politics
1 toxic -lrb- britney spears cover -rrb- - a static lullaby ichaaaw
1 barack obama promised to create jobs & he actually made good on that promise ! unfortunately , they were created for the citizens of brazil .
1 recently watched halo legends premiere : babysitter on xbox live waypoint . found it surprisingly interesting - very high product . value . anime
1 yes i bet i buy more than double . seriously , it 's way less trouble for me to download a book to the kindle !
1 omfg this damn dog done chewed up this psp game oh lord give me strength to not kill him
1 martha stewart and oprah get crafty - video - oprah.com .
1 i fucking love britney spears : -rrb-
1 yeah the singer is not the best , plus '' she 's not me ! '' bad madonna imitation lol
1 last thought on kindle - v2 form factor is much preferable to the huge dx , but annoyingly it does n't render pages as well or pd
1 listening to britney spears . wow the quality of music is so bad now . shame on the companies that sign them .
1 vice president joe biden is an honorable man . it is not that he loves the constitution less , but that he adores ... .
1 ~ a static lullaby ★ toxic -lrb- britney spears cover -rrb- ~ ... ♫ ~ ez4r4
1 barack obama is coming to singapore ! we sure hope the rumors are true that he 'll stop by o'bama 's irish pub for a quick pint during apec ...
1 usdor barack obama has now fired more cruise missiles than all other nobel peace prize winners combined . .
1 britney spears - 3 . . love the new song and ca n't wait to see the video ... go brit !!!!!!! < 3
1 hearing that lindsay lohan is n't doing to well . positive thoughts !
1 photo : i would douse lindsay lohan with raid if she came near my children . nuh . uh . no .
1 spunkdesign apple survey - what is your opinion of apple products ? ipad sucks ? apple .
1 '' mr ensign said he will send an official resignation letter to vice president joe biden today . '' joe will try not to snort like lily tomlin .
1 i 'm interested in amelia earhart and i love mira nair , but hilary swank really bothers me . to see or not to see ?
1 screens : tales of monkey island : the trial and execution of guybrush threepwood -lrb- wii / pc -rrb-
1 john boehner needs not look like he is going to cry at any minute then maybe i could respect him a bit more that and if he would do his job
1 yeah lol it looks better on xbox
1 '' obama deserves the nobel prize for the simple reason that if it were n't for him sarah palin would be in the with ...
1 pelosi/reid / barack obama & the dnc should b prosecuted 4 making false statements under 21usc cert false eligibilty/potus
1 3 - britney spears on repeat . vaair catchy tune . it 's about a threesome . $t$ , you are a shameless hussy . -lsb- ;
1 actually an amazing song . . britney spears - baby one more time
1 could the new holder be a tomtom iphone car kit for fixed installation like item 215393 on your site ... ... . .
1 went with a friend to an al-anon mtg last night . totally impressed , not scary or weird like i thought it 'd be .
1 what the differenece between a plastic bag and micheal jackson ? 1 is plastic and a danger to kid , the other carries food
1 dear diary by britney spears is amazing . old . but simply amazing : -rrb-
1 lol he probably still thinks he does since you so-call 'd '' miss him . '' hahah he 's all tryna reply - kindle thaa flames lmao !
1 if the lakers win another ring this year thatwouldbeawesome
1 she was all like ' glittergaga i love you lady gaga ' oh damn i ca n't stop laughing my assss off !!
2 cuba 's fidel castro hails barack obama ' is nobel peace prize
1 baby just ca n't get enough of britney spears . funny video !
1 president barack obama making critical decision on us mission in unpopular 8 year afghanistan war . midday news video
1 you take super bad revenges , mean ... not the taylor swift kinda revenge , more like , revenge as in killing
1 after seeing britney for the record , i actually gained some sympathy and respect for britney spears .
1 131lina you fucking bitch !!! why did n't you remind me the lakers played today ?!!!
1 new kindle new lover price $ 259.00 & this item ships for free with super saver shipping click
1 rt beambenzbentley : lakers can go eat dust ! thatisall -lsb- hater ... -rsb-
1 watching face off and nicolas cage ' s terrific pornstar mo .
1 nicolas cage is our generations steven segal ... so sad . or rad if your 're into bad action pictures . time to play with my mouse .
1 she looked like a bad drag queen ! madonna looked sexy as fuck !
1 ashton kutcher . :-rrb- does it make you mad that $t$ is the least talented member of that 70s show yet the mos ...
1 gosh i love britney spears :-rrb- . idk
1 sarah shahi blasts paris hilton on twitter ; levi johnston to write sarah palin ... : by lyneka little sarah shahi ... .
1 your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning '' bill gates quote quotes
1 shoutout to al gore and the other geniuses who believe in global warming ... somebody lied rickrossvoice
1 boys don cry , omg that film is just amazing , hilary swank = omg , & you got ta love chicago , who doesnt love a dirty musical and ...
1 intute blog : did barack obama deserve the nobel peace prize ?
1 bitlocker in windows 7 makes easy to protect internal or removable drives . $t$ simplifies the encryption of internal drive .
1 lady gaga taunted by burgers -lrb- femalefirst -rrb- .
1 i thought i almost had to bury my dear friend mr. iphone .
1 ugh , i 'm sorry , you need a kindle or other portable reading device , or else $t$ application for phone . hate being without a book .
1 so yeah , pretty majorly stoked . i think i work with some of the most awesome people i know -lrb- and my boss gave us all ipad -rrb- : - d
1 cody simpson followed selena gomez . then followed 4 selena hate pages . loll wow . cody why do n't you like her ... ?
1 win tickets to see britney spears in concert !!! : while $t$ gets primed to squawk soured her femme fatale ... .
1 really miss my ipod . ? badromance ?
1 santa barbara , whale watching , disneyland , possibly a lakers game . yep , oct/nov in ca are awesome .
1 dear mc hammer ... you promised not hurt me ... you did . you promised not to quit -lrb- you were too legitimate -rrb- . . you did . i ca n't trust you anymore .
1 my dearest friend noemi -lrb- awesome photographer -rrb- asked me for be part of her new project , appearing as lady gaga -lrb- super excited !! -rrb-
1 i found 1 stuck in the bottom of my ipod ... had 2 dig that bitch out & put it in my reserve part of the grinder ... lol
1 diluted politics - > tos ome liberals everytime barack obama ' is penis rises it is a divine term
1 i think trina 's badder than nicki minaj and definitely badder than little kim . trina 's actually really pretty .
1 sky television through xbox seems pretty good
1 yes , please ! that was awesome . maybe britney spears ? or better yet ... spice girls ! cassiemccloud shelleylester johncombest
1 britneyspears 9-year-old video skank ho covers britney spears : photo : she 's pretty bad at . .
1 john boehner , humiliation is what you feel when you fail yourself & shame is what you feel when you fail the people that trusted you . tcot
1 we are having an awesome day !!! no problem we love madonna too : -rrb-
1 susan boyle album : madonna cover , wild horses & more : by sophie eager britain 's got talent sensation su . .
1 windows 7 upgrade went well , seemingly ...
1 madonna wins damages over wedding photos : in celebrity legal news , mad . .
1 gorbachev 's 80th birthday was a huge success ! among the guests were arnold schwarzenegger , sharon stone and kevin spacey . . exciting !
1 lindsay lohan ' s debut in paris as the artistic advisor 4 the emanuel ungaro fashion house was slammed by critics 4 which fashion disaster ?
1 irado !!! madonna - celebration -lrb- felguk love remix -rrb- : : : : : released today on amazon.com ! : -rrb-
1 noonelikesyoubecause you hate lady gaga , cher lloyd , justin bieber , cheryl cole + megan fox . go die !
1 i do , too ! love it . rt clickflickca : how many of you use '' google street view '' to search an address ? i do . randomthoughts
1 i just scored 43 on sturgeon creek in harbor master lite for iphone - hm . html
1 i love how they play britney spears in the background when the twins segment thing is on x factor . they totally picked that one .
1 i gave up partying , dear zysha ! i do n't wan na be like paris hilton . my idol is michelle obama ahahaha
1 i just voted '' katy perry '' on '' lady gag , beyonce , or $t$ ? '' vote now : .
1 mydiscountvouchercodes.co.uk be quick and save money save 55 % on britney spears curious 30ml edp
1 specially for today : madonna - celebration
1 i just took '' eres compatible con justin bieber ??? '' and got : 100 % compatible !!! :p ! try it : .
1 if donald trump can run for president of the united states , why not katy perry ? because she 's not stupid . ca n't say same for the donald .
1 didnt listen to britney spears for ages . / / nobody is sleeping over . ugh : d
1 barack obama jul 15 , 2008 on afghanistan : '' i have argued for years that we lack the resources to finish the job . ''
1 man i hate that lady gaga song and its playing everywhere i go
1 i would love one of your google wave invites , eelkehermens gmail.com
1 youversion : enjoy the message offline on your iphone
1 i think i could actually get into google wave but it needs more people and also more speed -lrb- dog slow -rrb- . taking it off the web might help too .
1 aldrinastronaut fuck the lakers and your hoodie ! jk just the $t$ loving the hoodie .
1 just played nintendo wii :d so funny ... :d jason i love you darling < 33 < 33
1 bigm politics - > democrat or republican , fox news is going to air a very important documentary about barack obama , tonight , sunday night ...
1 i like all 3 systems , so im not an xbox fanboy , but live just blows the others away in that department .
1 rt c_dinero_ez : how you from cali and dohn fuck with lakers
1 i need to get out to la !!! all these prince shows at the forum are sounding amazing !! alicia keys and prince singing a duet ! love it !
1 true blood is a boss program . also , burned 300 calories on the wii fit tonight . raaarrrr .
1 lindsay lohan would never abandon twitter - examiner.com . .
1 a picture of khloe kardashian just came about the screen and i practically damn near fell off my bed damn she is too fucking ugly
1 i liked a youtube video -- snoop dogg -lrb- feat . t-pain -rrb- - boom -lsb- official video -rsb- .
1 maybe huck should have asked sarah palin for some help to meet his goal with his little petition , i hear she is pretty popular these days .
1 photo gallery : lindsay lohan ' s court date : $t$ is back in court , y' all!looking a little worse for wea . .
1 nickspurway apple survey - what is your opinion of apple products ? ipad sucks ? freebies .
1 ' unlike with obama , people who criticized bush had coherent reasons ' -- far leftwing nutjob joan walsh . to libs $t$ = god cspanwj tcot
1 geekend majornelson the only way that we can build a better product is by using competitors products , that 's why he has a wii , ps3 , mac ...
1 they were so bad they were good they sang britney spears stacy is after nailing the high notes there
1 what if obama was a porn star ?
1 windows 7 still vulnerable to viruses -- durr , really ? : $t$ is a valuable upgrade delivering an awesome , . .
1 politixgal which party gave soc second payments 2 immigrants , even though they never put dime into it ? dems & jimmy carter . tcot
1 rt : guykawasaki how to present like steve jobs
1 honestly , i don like it . '' windows 7 beats vista by 234 % in first week sales '' -
1 jimmy fallon 's '' the jersey shore '' is the funniest thing i 've ever seen . i really ca n't stop laughing right now
1 np wake up everybody by john legend and the roots roots . they better say that
1 madonna : ' my music will get better ' : showbiz spy `` my music is going to get better because i am happier ...
1 britney spears new song is about a threesome , but its 2 guys one girl ? i believe that 's called a gangbang . dirty britney !
1 me : justin timberlake just called me ... friend : and ? me : and he told me to tell justin bieber that he wants his sexy back . ; -rrb-
1 the ignorance of some madonna fans is just insane . she sells a crap ' remastered ' album , and they still defend it ...
1 15 's ipod was stolen out of her purse at school . i fucking hate kids . now i 'm on ebay . i fucking hate ebay .
1 the reason the kindle is and continues to be a failure is because i ca n't put all my old books on it .
1 surprisingly , britney spears ' is amazing
1 ellen than would try to take you to her love cage where ud be her next '' meal '' * gasps * but lindsay lohan stops her & they have
1 michael lohan urges jon gosselin to join celebrity boxing federation : us magazine lindsay lohan ' s dad stop . .
1 and seriously , using taylor swift as your model for acting like a vindictive , petty little brat ? fail ! dirtysexypolitics
1 just got confirmation that nicki minaj will definitely be in the building blakelysva tonight !! get there early ... .
1 even if you 're not a yank , you can now get an amazon kindle with free wireless in a lot of other countries .
1 perez hilton - daniel radcliffe admires lady gaga 's gay rights advocacy .
1 gag , timberlake , and kunis - oh my ! : this week ellen degeneres fans are going gag ! the infamous pop star and fa ... .
1 lol lol i like selena gomez who says -lrb- :
1 now playing ! katy perry - california gurls -lrb- feat . snoop dogg -rrb- nowplaying .
1 hi . i 'm president barack obama . i won the nobel peace prize and all i have done up this point is be really good at running fpr president .
1 pussy tighter than a 10 and a half on shaq feet
1 some of britney spears ' old stuff is worth listening too i started listening to her when blackout was released it was really good
1 if you 're walking down the right path and you 're willing to keep walking , eventually you 'll make progress . barack obama
1 not even shakira delta_goodrem or rihanna are waking me up this morn !
1 twosixohone apple survey - do apple products rule your world ? ipad sucks ? apple .
1 need a new iphone case . ifrogz one was too flimsy afterall
1 the kindle works - manila bulletin : the $t$ worksmanila bulletin ... the philippines in such a dim perspective . .
1 justin bieber , chris brown , any yo , usher , jonas brothers lady gaga , katy perry , taylor swift , kesha , alicia keys dll love you
1 probably going to go play the lottery tomorrow so i can have enough money to have oprah tweet me & i ignore . payback ! hahaha jk jk
1 i love britney spears ' new song ' till the world ends ' i think thats what its called lol .
1 i hope your resting in peace stephen and having a blast up there with micheal jackson and patrick swayze and all the others that passed
1 nobel peace '' winners '' : 1994-yasser arafa t-t errorist , 2002 - jimmy carter , pro-terrorist baffoon , 2007-al gore-environmental chicken little ...
1 wii fits a bit shit ! better going out for a run really i got bored of mine quick !
1 tweeting on my ipod - wowww its amazing how easily amused one can be
1 i 'm sorry but i think madonna looks her age in the celebration video !! still amazing though
1 iran jimmy carter root 4 your problems read '' america for sale '' jerome corsi , his pols , soros , obama , brzezinski conspire iranelection
1 is it bad that watching harry potter order of the phoenix , the school and rules remind me of pv ?
1 had the night shift last night watching over levi . played wii and watched television been feeling a bit zoned out today . great i can help though fb
1 i just had the biggest concert of my life ... top 10 10 outkast via mtv , because they don invite good artists to estonia :-lrb- 50 n madonna shit
1 i like that ... . fuck ashton kutcher and the butterfly effect ... im all about that manny daniels and the faucet effect
1 i asked my 9 year old cousin who inspires her . she answered '' britney spears inspires me to be not be like her . '' she will do great things : -rrb-
1 i do n't care if you love her or hate her , miley cyrus is beautiful . i wish i looked like her . -lrb- : < 3
1 rt alwaysarana : lakers game in vegas with bjlaflin . ... now that 's some awesome looking seats ! dr : -rrb-
1 zumocast is great for streaming your mac 's content to your ipad over wi-fi or 3g . nice . .
1 who ` s responsible for these stupid ass britney spears spam shitss ?? they should be lynched ! grrrrr
1 teamfollowback mandy moore : protect your pets ! : $t$ cuddles a puppy as she helps launch petarmor , the a ... .
1 so you 're finally getting an iphone ?! good choice !
1 tiger woods : sports ' first billion-dollar man : $t$ is the first athlete to break the billion-dollar . .
1 am i the only one the britney spears sucking a penis follow , god damn
1 britney spears , i love you ! -lrb- she 's following me just fyi -rrb- : d
1 a gorgeous ginger headed boy who loves harry potter ?
1 just found out bloody argies nicked it late on , doh wanted to see maradona get humilated even further
1 corybooker pulled out the big guns , ussoc hillary clinton , to end the feud with conan o'brien ! we do n't take no mess here !
1 yeah thts a good song , you guys should totally play 3 by britney spears like 500 times a day ! i < 3 that song !
1 verizon holiday ads mock at & t and the iphone -lsb- videos -rsb-
1 dailyquestion bill gates is my best friend ... kkk ; ;
1 oh wow yeah , where the fuck is my invite to google wave ? what the fuck are they playing at ? this is a fucking outrage !
1 i love seth morgan and his '' jew fro '' . i 'm going to marry him after i marry and divorce justin timberlake , t.i. and james franco .
1 madonna ' is high heels offered to gypsy charity
1 listen up everyone . president barack obama did deserve the nobel peace prize . now , one more thing , who cares what you think about it . lol
1 teamsoteria george bush and penis cheney have done more damage to our country for the past 8 years tcot 912 glennbeck
1 um okay i love britney spears as much as the next person i have the tattoos to prove it but with the release of '' 3 '' i disagree
1 i love that tiger woods commercial .
1 took the '' how well do you know britney spears lyrics ? '' quiz & got : very well !! what about you ? ➜
1 gross lindsay lohan ; even nastier looking than joan rivers
1 oh wow ! it 's fucking brilliant :d . via youtube ipad dracula
1 found out why john mayer went to a whomping willows show - he has a new girlfriend -lrb- non-famous ! -rrb- who is a fan of harry potter !! crazy crazy
1 damn we are all sup-fucking-prised ! who 's surprised . lindsay lohan ' s rep. michael lohan lied
1 i 've never thought kim kardashian was attractive * shrugs *
1 britney spears is so damn pretty !! could watch her videos all day long ! love her music : p
1 fact : bill gates lives in constant fear that chuck norris ' pc will crash . fb
1 zoy.com - lindsay lohan has slammed reports of stealing . | zoy.com celebrities video and image database
1 wow i love reading tweets between perez & lindsay lohan ... totally bitchyness
1 glad 2 see my lakers got there 1st win , even though its just pre-season i still hate when they loose . why did they give ron artest the key 2 vegas ?
1 britney spears says : '' living in sin is the new thing . ''
1 wiz khalifa and snoop dogg makn a movie called highschool
1 no , twitter , i do n't want to follow kim kardashian -lrb- why is she famous btw -rrb- or chris brown . stop telling me too !
1 haikuaday phoenix wright on wii ? / man , i really love that game . / consider it bought !
1 lindsay lohan ' s probation extended by a year : actress in court for progress review
1 contributors to this volume : zbigniew brzezinski was president jimmy carter ' is national security adviser and is p . .
1 ha it was fun playing madonna to digitalis to mj to run dmc to metronomy to more shit , sad i didnt found roman . .
1 3 - britney spears < 3 it 's amazing -lrb- :
1 lindsay lohan smoking ! . get the full story at flylip celebrity news
1 britney spears named best mom in poll .
1 dtn uk : bresnan undergoes scan : tim bresnan has had a precautionary scan on his calf , but england are optimistic ... .
1 its always nice to listen shakira songs but when it comes to company i love having denissemo by my side ! te quiero cariñito : -rrb-
1 derek jeter 's relationship with alex rodriguez much worse than ... : there 's just no shortage of folks who get ex ... .
1 why do all these porno people follow me ?? with names like '' asdfghjkl '' . . no , i do n't wan na see britney spears porn ... letme alone b * tch !!
1 reply : britney spears on jimmykimmellive , girl ca n't even lip sync good live . it 's kind of sad . i would n't pay a dime to see her '' perform '' .
1 just finding my ipod i lost it for like a month so i 'm happy
1 analysis : obama benefits from ' not bush ' : some european commentators say president barack obama was mad ...
1 paris hilton denies racism allegations - digital spy .
1 damn these spamers are crazy always following my ass with britney spears sucking cock and i block them they keep cumin back damn
1 i love windows 7 its so nice lucid was right
1 i always think '' what would charlie sheen do in this situation '' .
1 the latest crazy theory on barack obama
1 my ipod got seriously fucked up d : it would n't work for like a hour and the screen was completely frozen dx mehh ...
1 ca n't wait to use google wave it to collaborate with my wife on our next academic conference proposals instead of google docs .
1 this aint gone end up like no casablanca movie ... no . aint no fairytale or fiction this is truly ... lol mariah carey
1 listening to harry potter audiobook narrated by stephenfry with poorly son . feel v . foolish over years of mispronunciation of diagon alley .
1 proud to say i am notfollowing al gore or britney spears or charlie sheen or michael moore or naomi judd or howard stern or nancy pelosi .
1 heheh , his music is annoying . britney spears is so much better than him , that was random . but i love her -lsb- :
1 britain votes britney sears best celebrity mother ? umm what ?
1 kiss-kiss : charlie sheen bei jimmy kimmels talkshow .
1 '' oprah behind the scenes '' real shots with no glam stoprightthere forthegoodofthenation
1 charlie sheen got everybody saying '' winning '' ... lmao
1 just got done playing ' some house of the dead 2 . which actually is the only reason i bought the wii .
1 lindsay lohan ' s probation extended by a year : troubled star $t$ seems to be sinking into deeper trouble , as he
1 had beardyman ' s debut album since yesterday evening , and it is sicker than charlie sheen on a whitewater rafting trip !
1 demi lovato just an inspiration for me . she helped be during a bad period and now fans must help her to stay strong .
1 the new '' amelia '' movie looks terrible . hilary swank looks like travis_stuebing . i bet he 'd be better in it than her , though .
1 i ca n't understand why anyone would want to read sarah palin ' s memoir . what a colossal waste of paper .
1 obama under pressure on libyan strategy - abc online .
1 omg , i want to use justin bieber as jace . < 3
1 themunny britboi brunolovesbrit -- britney spears - monster -lrb- new 2009 -rrb-
1 celebrity : bannedcelebrityporn.com - britney spears paris hilton no underwear pictures = > .
1 so i just tried out windows 7 and i hate it . it is exacrtly what windows vista is only with a different menu bar .
1 omg just heard someone on wfmu say about liz taylor '' yo she was the origginal kim kardashian '' . liz isnt even yet in a grave to roll over in .
1 mary j . blige . jason castro . monster mash song . 3oh ! 3 . cascada . britney spears . michael bubble . noisettes . mayday parade ... voila .
1 ai n't no telling how much times i block that page with britney spears given up becky . .
1 hi my name is harry and i hate britney spears
1 yes i am especially when i sing britney spears
1 lol well the main reason was i hardly knew anyone on the ps3 and i wanted to play some xbox games . that plus netflix lol
1 barack obama used the internet to his advantage in his presidential campaign .
1 google translate sucks !
1 president barack obama should except nobel peace prize with honor . president obama has communicated with other countries to establish peace
1 it 's impossible to sync ms live mail program with google calendar . i hate microsoft for that !
1 '' omg , if i had a nickel for everytime you say '' too much work '' i would make bill gates look like a motherfucker homeless !!! ''
1 mad magazine-b4 jackson , there never was a prez born west of appalachia , before obama , there had never been a prez born , wherever he was born
1 i was loving the lakers jerseys on '' oh no you did n't '' day
1 ever notice how much better looking women are after a divorce ? why is that ? madonna looks better now than she did two years ago .
1 i 'm playing mario kart on the wii with my boys and he says '' i got ta change the girl , i ca n't stand girls '' i was just like that at his age !
1 . . which may or may not be true the real science has been lost amongst all the bullshit and al gore : d
1 just remember , babyyyy * jt voice
1 obama seeks advice on afghanistan : barack obama prepares to meet senior advisers as the us marks eight yeah . .
1 media : tech analyst on google : ' they 're in love with everything electrical ' : search engine giant $t$ took an ev ... .
1 who ' z gon na be lucky 100 it betta not be for fucking britney spears !!!!!!!
1 i love how miley 's interviews always beam with warmth , connection , confidence and humility . miley cyrus is such a inspiration for everyone .
1 britney spears spears is demanding her 225 strong support crew , including local production staff and support act . .
1 if you are n't starving or sarah palin why the fuck would you want to go fishing ? like try mcdonald , its fucking delicious .
1 obama still pretending we want $t$ ?
1 jimmy fallon & craig ferguson & chelsea handler - funniest late night talk shows ... oh and of course george lopez
1 the day i cancel okay see i get chatted up on the bus ! shame it was by an 11 year old boy wanting to look at my psp .
1 obama to meet with congress on afghan war : one of president barack obama ' is most difficult problems is the war i . .
1 those using windows 7 on laptops , you need to consider aerofoil to help prevent battery life :
1 taylor swift , i want your hair . miley cyrus , i want your eyes . demi lovato , i want your smile . selena gomez , i want your boyfriend . : p
1 i dropped my iphone and the screen shattered . i 'm sad : -lrb-
1 what the hell is a disco stick ? '' yells madge , while gag proclaims '' i 'm hotter than you ! '' the blonde duo end up kissing - ala britney & madonna
1 report : windows 7 security feature is useless
1 i like windows 7 so far but do n't see a compelling reason to upgrade existing computers . but it 's nice to have on new ones .
1 decided on a htc magic android phone , was going to wait for a htc hd2 but mobile 6.5 has had poor reviews . iphone is dead in the water .
1 i preordered lbp psp already - getting a sackboy keyring : doh , congratz on the crown , you deserve it ; -rrb-
1 gypsy girls , why you wan na look like kim kardashian ? why you no wan na look like khloe ? cause thats the closest your gon na get .
1 even if you had mc hammer and them 357 bitches ! biggie smalls the millionaire , the mansion the yacht . the 2 weed spots , the two hot glocks
1 hey amazon , i love you and all but shipping a kindle to euroland and not adding a power adapter is lame . thing costs like what ? $ 0.50 ?
1 angelinajolie best mum ? : photo : britney spears had just been voted best celebrity mum . yeah . .
1 wow lindsay lohan is quite literally a crack whore .
1 have this is my world dvd - justin bieber , '' free '' by tina magazine . . bieber special
1 fuck you and your worthless ass life . . lol nigga the highlight of your day consist of your xbox you fucking loser !!
1 blocking party chat in mw2 is a failure for infinity ward and for the xbox team . scratch asap , please . majornelson fourzerotwo
1 lindsay lohan always looks dirty , with the amount of fake tan she wears !!!
1 fucking traffic court ... ☹ . lucky i got my ipad ☺
1 played mortal combat chained in psp . onaga is one of the most difficult characters to beet in the whole game series i 've played
1 chetan_bhagat candidates for united nations : britney spears -lrb- from circus -rrb- and sigourney weaver -lrb- from aliens -rrb- . good luck .
1 president obama is looking gaunt ! am not sure if it is because of d south american tour ! i doubt it ! the pressure of being president ! he has aged
1 just had a nice bath . gon na play my long neglected psp for awhile and sleep . goodnight and sweet dreams all .
1 breaking news on obama 's nobel prize . turns out it was awarded for making peace with hillary clinton . nyt
1 dd9 is rocking ! i 've heard tons of great feedback from dealers ! the lakers are here and themiragelv is great !
1 republicans attack obama for being in brazil to create american jobs . yet the gop ca n't even create american jobs in america . wiunion p2
1 i love my kindle , i really do .
1 i have n't been jealous of another guy since i was a kid for having the toy i want & other then swizz beats having alicia keys thats about it .
1 ten gadgets to make google wave more productive - and fun ! : by sebastian anthony -lrb- rss feed -rrb- nov 6th 2009 at 2:00 pm i . .
1 im really sick of this britney spears cock sucker following me !! its annoying as !
1 madonna is the best . her new song celebration is amazing
1 fox news announces deaths of ' obama joe biden ' , ' oksana mel gibson ' , ' obarbarino hal linden ' and ' obrother where artthou ' .
1 beautiful day here in fwb ! on the couch watching the magic game ! go magic ! and just remembered my parents have a wii -- im very excited : -rrb-
1 thinking that sarah palin is a media hungry psycho .
1 the wii for sure and nice new profile picture
1 poll : david hoffman could weaken alex giannoulias soft grip on voters in contest for barack obama ' is old senate . .
1 after the crash : the unlikely tale of how britney spears got back on track : but after more than a year of belch . .
1 got a suspicion my xbox hard drive is fucked
1 installing windows 7 via vm fusion ... ihh but for testing good ; -rrb-
1 shakira is zo hot woei
1 rt which party gave soc . second . payments to immigrants , even though they never put a dime into it ? dem & jimmy carter . tcot tlot
1 lindsay lohan looks like 10 miles of bad road . get the full story at flylip celebrity news
1 - we had it on for the 1st 10 minutes but got sick of it . ipod on shuffle much better !
1 i 'm so blown i 'm finna go put a virus on every computer ever made just so bill gates can be poor .
1 aha . i was just talking about my ipod ' is name a couple of days ago . it 's not after a porn star though ...
1 dear britney spears orn spammer : do n't you think if i wanted to see her vagina , i would have by now ? it 's not the best kept secret , is it ?
1 _ shawtylov3jb i 'm amazing :-rrb- i saw harry potter the deathly hollows part 1
1 the dumb bitch on are you smarter than a 5th grader just said that george bush is on mount rushmore . really !
1 e . t by katy perry & yeah is my shit .
1 rt kissin_indarain i hate when 25days of christmas plays harry potter -_-
1 i am about to cry hearing edge of glory by gaga !!
1 follow us on twitter for your chance to win an ipad and other great prizes ! it all starts once we hit 300 followers !
1 is watching harry potter . i love that the television knows what i want . :-rrb- ...
1 girls wet like they living in a fish tank ? lmao really soulja boy
1 syncables desktop is fully compatible with windows 7 . hp even has it as an option on their website to add to many of their new $t$ pcs
1 is it wrong that she has christmas songs on her ipod already ?
1 the opening guy is this crazy dude who paints faces while dancing like micheal jackson and john lennon so cool !
1 does anyone else get the britney spears porn followers . they are so barking up the wrong tree ! they definitely need to fire their crm person !
1 musicmonday i will still love you - britney spears mm
1 you 're sure you 're not being followed by multiple britney spears ?
1 reply - kindle the love that you had when you first came to know god . he misses that . he desires it . your passion for his will is vital to your purpose
1 watching ghost rider , almost forgot how bad an actor nicolas cage is !!
1 youtube ➲ steve jobs extraordinary message ; paramount to succeeding in life !
1 just started my 100th retail title on xbox live : dragon age : origins . i 've only officially been on live for 2 years !
1 barack obama becomes liability in virginia governor race -- -lrb- expose obama -rrb-
1 christ , those windows 7 ads are incredibly annoying . '' snap ! '' . yeah , snap your bleeding ' neck mate .
1 setting up our new wii and getting ready foe some cowboy 's football !
1 wii tennis . you ca n't even touch me !
1 i am curious what exactly it is barack obama for a nobel peace prize for . i have heard he got one , i just do n't know what for .
1 its dishonour and disregard that charlie sheen has blunts named after him before wiz khalifa ...
1 chickenfuckerr rt coolkid_folly : this nigga ant said lady gaga got uh better swagg than soujia boy lmao `` lol .
1 anybody on google wave ? i 'm lonely
1 is britney spears more important to republicans then their own agenda ?
1 lol ! i found out some time ago , i hated that shit ! rt lonzthemua : i finally figured out how to turn off that wretched google buzz f'ry
1 just told my mum that my aim in life is to marry taylor swift or jena lee . her face .
1 wtf is wrong with my xbox omgggggg . . i swear ps3 get party chat and some games ill be straaaaaaaaaight
1 i thought i was just asking for a google wave invite ... blowjobs are a much better invitation than real time chat !!
1 why i 'm listening '' circus '' - britney spears ? i hate that song ...
1 just got the new laptop in today . it 's as awesome as i was hoping it would be . windows 7 is running great as we
1 would you recommend it over the iphone - am stuck as to which to get next
1 a critic in pall mall - by oscar wilde - kindle edition .
1 rt shawty __ reddpresent ! rt static_spaz right here rt bigjamaal : lakers where y' all at ?
1 had an awesome dream : seeing the spice girls concert with madonna on drums singing bon jovi 's shot through the heart . where did that come from ?
1 mariah carey , nick cannon parents of twins : new york -lrb- ap -rrb- -- mariah carey and $t$ celebrated their ... .
1 anyone still without google wave ? i have 11 invites . say something nice and i might give you one !
1 cle news talk : president obama facing criticism over u.s. roll in libya .
1 meeting ... who like harry potter ? please show you hand \ \ o / / >> \ \ o / /
1 good news : we 're spared an alicia keys . potentially less good news : sonia rao 2.0 is singing adele . good news : she 's okay ! thevoice
1 im about to throw this ipod out the damn window . computer programs aggravate the hell out of me . fuck you itunes !!
1 hwahhh ??? wacky brits ... britney spears voted best celebrity mum
1 has given up on firefox for good , keeps crashing ... welcome home google chrome i do love you so !
1 president barack obama is thought to have been nominated but it 's unclear on what grounds ... :
1 at my brothers hockey game they are losing by 2 ! they need to picture up the pase ! ... listening to she only likes me when shes drunk on my ipod : -rrb-
1 rt chokeonmyhalo : ------------- > rt inibbleonclits fuck the lakers lol . . teamceltics
1 fantasy by britney spears smells so good
1 could i have a google wave invite pretty please ? ^ ^
1 recharging my bro 's psp . miss my husband . got to talk to him for like a minute or two . miss him so much !
1 she look better than beyonce , alicia keys , halle berry , ms. jolie and she 's from no i.d. ... that girl 's an alien
1 sex and celebrities : kim kardashian in sexy german dress and posing nud ... .
1 doug said '' your like britney spears '' i said hows that-replie '' you r always like hit me baby more time ! lol dorko
1 there 's a third grade across the table from me . he has an ipod touch . he acts like a really spoiled brat .
1 ga ga ola lah , lady gaga is better fucking bitch more than 8wi6e people :p : p
1 harry potter the last of all will be amazing !!!
1 cnn olympics add new sports for 2016 : one more reason to buy a ticket to rio in 2016 ? tiger woods .
1 wow , i 'm freeeeeaaaking tired . tiger woods 9-12pm :--rrb- and a good long nap is in store to prepare me for some birthday celebration ! woohoo 23 !
1 mitt romney blasts obama as '' nuanced . '' yes , he really used that word as an epithet : .
1 lady gaga please follow me diva ? , you are amazing $t$ , i love you ♥ follow me please * -- * 10
1 michelle obama keynote address during dnc .
1 rugby and golf added to 2016 olympics . . do we have anyone good at ... oh yeah , tiger woods ! send us the gold medal already ! jw
1 i understand julia child is a legend right next to martha stewart but i ca n't stand to hear that bitch talk .
1 my loves a revolver my sex is killer do you want to die happy do you want to die happy . fucking love madonna ... ...
1 nicknames ! for they are fun ! -lrb- btw textplus is excellent free texting application for ipod and phone , i love it :d -rrb-
1 i did the maury show today and did a segment on teen prescription drug addiction with lindsay lohan ' s dad michael lohan . he seems very hurt !
1 john mccain is refusing to watch the film adaptation of '' game change '' ; and why would he , really ? it 's not like it 's matlock . i mean , c'mon !
1 i would like to have a google wave invitation !
1 _ jbiebslove was watching the harry potter movies on television , now '' the nightmare before christmas '' is on lol
1 just read that lindsay lohan told a judge yesterday that she is moving to texas . please come to austin ! please come to austin !
1 the poll sucks anyways , obams won it just like jimmy carter won it ! so haters move the fuck on !
1 britney spears 3 is my new favorite song , and oh yeah i miss you lils xxxx
1 ah , sorry . dodgers still have a damn good chance with the phils bullpen behaving like jimmy carter in 80 .
1 aaamo britney spears , avril lavigne , simple plan , fall out boy ! ♥
1 drake caught in bed with nicki minaj ! wow .
1 my stepdad loves harry potter now . he wins at life .
1 barack obama fury at general stanley mcchrystal speech : the fog of war ukpolitics
1 i really want this book '' the presentation secrets of steve jobs : how to be insanely great in front of any audience ''
1 why does lindsay lohan suddenly look like she 's 54 years old ?
1 i seriously forgot how much i loved series 1 dw . britney spears ' '' toxic '' as a traditional earth ballad ! lol !
1 britney spears postpones ellen degeneres appearance : britney spears has been forced to postpone a singular talk ... .
1 smashfit even us coaches need to be coached !!!! -- > you are so right ! tiger woods has a coach ! the top athletes have coaches
1 i totally love demi lovato and i really , really love her music , but sometimes i like taylor swift 's lyrics more . rt if you want a duet !
1 i love miley cyrus and demi lovato and taylor swift : -rrb-
1 creative zii to challenge kindle , nook : var fbshare = -lcb- url : ' - amazon - $t$ / creative-zii . .
1 check out britney spears actually looking good in a bikini for once
1 dude , do not tell me you like harry potter ! i hate it more than i can find words to express ! lol
1 i would just like to publicly express my love for google . what did we do before it ?
1 britney spears and lady gag album releases in the same month - i cant handle it !
1 thats why ipad would not work for me to read i hate to read on computer i wish i could print all my pdfs or i could see them with the kindle
1 wow , barack obama sounds nothing like himself . . snl
1 botrt : naaaw ! my friend ordered the first taylor swift redord from germany ! she told me i can borrow it from he ... .
1 is n't the kindle inspiration enough ? mind you , i 'd be okay with them with or without the $t$ present . : -rrb-
1 the best voice application out there . had it on blackberry . voice dial text email facebook and twitter . no voice text on iphone though : -lrb-
1 they should have invited lady gaga 2 d royal wedding she will just walk in there with a dead body on her head and evry1 will forget about kate
1 i hope mariah carey twins do n't get nick cannons looks , acting skills , rap skills hellllllll i hope mariah genes were very dominant ha
1 neat comparison what barack obama has in common with a guy who liked to paint fleshy naked chicks :
1 listening to britney spears ; lucky
1 she got that good good she micheal jackson bad and im attraccted to her with her attractive asssz ! ~
1 well im thinking about throwing a 3 day charlie sheen party this weekend f ___ it !!!!!!!
1 dear anderson cooper : i do n't believe any of the rumors ... you are my boo snaps ! lollll
1 i 'm watching freaky friday on disney channel . that 's one of my favorite movies . lindsay lohan was way better back then than today ...
1 and furthermost , steve jobs can suck it , '' i 'm here today because a teenager died in a car wreck and i took his liver ...
1 omg !! that song right next 2 u by justin bieber & chris brown is the bomb i love that song !!! : -rrb-
1 womanizer ! boy do n't try to front i i know just just what you are are are ! damn i love that song . britney spears bitch ! lol
1 yar i 'm listening to starstruck if you were wondering :-rrb- -lrb- lady gaga not disney or whatever ha -rrb-
1 harry potter was n't great .
1 really guys , justin bieber has n't been a tt for so long ! help me trend it !!!
1 lucunya : britney spears went to a resto , someone near her farted , everyone was staring & angrily she responded '' oops i did it again ''
1 while packing , i 've realized what a diva i truly am . fuck ... ... im like lindsay lohan on speed !!!!!
1 hell no !! fuck psp !! lol jk . nope . i like handheld systems better just not the $t$
1 am in love with windows 7 !! ca n't stop talking about it ! its like a woman lool ... thinking of grabbing food am so hungry !!!
1 lol was n't sure how that bill gates would go over , glad you enjoyed it :-rrb- as for tuna helper , i love the stuff and come on over !
1 wishing i had a wii . and a $t$ fit .
1 erikacardoso217 i figured out exactly why i hate harry potter !!! its a pussy version of xmen ! my coworker -lrb- continued -rrb- .
1 i 'm actually liking google wave ... i just wish more people were able to use it right now .
1 metasploit is now on my ipad . fuck . yeah .
1 i do n't know if i even have an aura , man . i just try to win - tiger woods quote
1 i am confused . did obama win the nobel peace prize for simply not being george bush ? < -- -lrb- yes , that is correct -rrb-
1 '' while some disney artists rely heavily on autotune and layers of effects , demi lovato sounds best with stripped-down production '' - billboard
1 upgrading my home and studio computers to windows 7 ... man i hope they do n't screw up my machines !!!
1 is nicolas cage selling another castle ? : more real estate news from $t$ . various sources have reported . .
1 what arnold schwarzenegger 's most famous characters would sound like if they were clinically depressed . .
1 just consumed russell brand . unfortunately , i think i not only gained his appearance ... but also seven different kinds of herpes .
1 ririiilove juliloverihanna mdrrrr vous etes trop folllleee on dirai lady gaga avec '' mother monster ''
1 lady gag and madonna were actually funny at snl , it surprised me lol
1 paris hilton supposedly said black guys are '' gross '' and she 'd '' never touch one . '' i guess we know what started the feud with kim kardashian .
1 jrmozart bought an ipad . love it .
1 iremember when my dad and brother went too a snoop dogg concert and me and my sister went too and that 's when i got on my1st rollercoaster lol
1 looking to compile twitter responses for favorite . educational iphone and mac apps . please . tweet them with eduappfav . thanks !
1 lankaweb : moral cries and lies of hillary clinton : h . l . d . mahindapala on september 30 , 2009 , un secu . .
1 i like nicki minaj and the brat idk why just because the brat killed the freestyle people act like nicki is losing
1 musicmonday confessions of broken hearth - lindsay lohan
1 this week 's online poll : should barack obama have been given the nobel peace prize ?
1 i am going freaking nuts ... i hate watching kids play mario kart on the wii , i want to scream and pull out my hair !!
1 lohan mock dating video : as it turns out , lindsay lohan is a pretty good sport . lalohan teamed up with funnyordi . .
1 lindsay lohan : fendi boots fierce -lrb- just jared -rrb- - x.fr / y5t
1 halo waypoint launches today on xbox live : by eddie makuch if you 're like me and ca n't get enough halo , . .
1 okay first he hates demi lovato then taylor swift and now he thinks they should commit suicide ?? that michael crook need to stfu !
1 i bet lady gaga could make the worst song ever and people will still buy it because she is so awesome
1 - at least you can prank call people and pretend to be lindsay lohan . get well soon , cant wait for a new video !
1 demi lovato , katy perry , and kristen stewart all love surfing . celebsfacts
1 i hate how niggas that use the lakers bitch about people playing with the heat . you mad cause niggas have a equal team to play with ?
1 what i love about my ipod touch and i guess in general for most portable players , is the rediscovery of my music
1 lucky -lrb- see -rrb- britney spears ... >> > this is a story about a girl named lucky ... ... early morning . she wa . .
1 lindsay lohan twitters about her love for ronson : photo : $t$ posted tweets on her twitter claiming th . .
1 since my ipod wo n't fcken show up on itunes , i am now forced to listen to the beatles , okay : -rrb-
1 i love harry potter so much . hermoinie is my babe .
1 semms like imma have to get my iphone replaced again ... this can not be real
1 i am watching the ellen degeneres show . getglue theellendegeneresshow
1 which party gave screenshot payments to immigrants , even though they never put a dime into it ? dem under jimmy carter . tcot tlot
1 could anyone spare me a google wave invite ? pretty please ? googlewave
1 watching jeopardy ! -lrb- true confession -rrb- and hillary clinton just presented an entire category . she 'd make a good game-show host ...
1 charlie sheen is tweeting this - we all love deals , well how about 5 % back for free .
1 our podcast with billmckibben of 350 . org talks climate , clean air act and why stephen colbert is a little scary : .
1 lucky , britney spears . pretty song . ♫ ~ eqo5a
1 will rep. wildberger leaving his job a year early draw as much ire from local democrats as sarah palin did ? no !
1 as much as i am fascinated by amelia earhart i refuse to watch any movie with hilary swank .
1 '' cast your cares on the lord and he will sustain you , he will never let the righteous fall . unless you 're mc hammer . '' psalm 55:22
1 compared to my sister i think i got an amazing idol . . hers is kim kardashian : / lol
1 john & edward sang britney spears . i sincerely hope you do n't still like them ; |
1 ha ! veriserum ! lol a harry potter thing . idk if you like $t$ but its a truth potion lol
1 lovingnickj :p i don really like lady gaga tbh , some of her songs are okay but i think a lot of her songs sell because of what she wears x
1 i love this . . boyfriend is watching football , baby is sleeping . . i 'm on my ipod headphones on listening to jordanknight so relaxing !
1 watched harry potter all day bloody hell i love saying that xd
1 smart thinks with the head . stupid thinks with the heart . be stupid . - demi lovato
1 hillary clinton says she wo n't run for president again . it is kind of terrible that there is a shelf-life for ...
1 yes , kindle is awesome for travel
1 how can nicolas cage go from ' leaving las vegas ' to tripe like ' knowing ' . i want the last two hours of life back .
1 time to change from the default iphone ringtone as i 've conditioned myself to ignore marimba since everyone else uses it .
1 bonk bonk bonk bonk bonk -lrb- that 's the sound i imagine hillary clinton ' is head made banging against the wall this morning . -rrb- -lrb- via rachelsklar -rrb-
1 listening to last fm on xbox live is actually pretty cool . : -rrb-
1 i like how they do that now ! i do n't like lindsay lohan but i 've noticed the same person dubs her in every movie !
1 google wave is the new google product that is best explained by video demostrations - wave.google.com
1 rt mr_jay_loso : 5 rings and 10 years ! fuck you buddy ! lmao rt k1ng_gemini : rt playwitmymonkey fuck the lakers yeahisaidit < lmao . .
1 do you like lady gaga -- no i love her .
1 jack white ... says britney spears may be more authentic than bob dylan
1 black republicans say 2010 will be their year - -- quote -- when former president jimmy carter said racism was an ...
1 get rid of your old , boring windows 7 look :
1 i 'm not american but i fully support the health reform that president barack obama wants to do :
1 why does microsoft word auto format my header to take up the entire page of my document ? does bill gates want me to kill myself ?
1 now that no longer feel like taking a hammer to my xbox , on with dragon age ! thanks , everyone .
1 textsthatgetnoreply lindsay lohan ' s a fake l esbian and is a cry baby . -lrb- at least , they would n't get one from me if i had a cell phone . -rrb-
1 is watching the first harry potter :-rrb- . got ta love that film : d
1 iphone restore went smoothly , which i 'm pleased about . i hope it makes a difference .
1 '' i thought god was white ? '' '' well what if he 's like micheal jackson & he 's every color ? '' '' ben ? did you just compare $t$ to god ? ''
1 no joke , i hate harry potter always have done , i worked in my mates boarding school in an o0ld house . i was half way through writing a
1 watching just my luck :d i love lindsay lohan < 3
1 g 's gon na help tohoku . help japan - snoopdogg & neff headwear . via neff_headwear
1 when you compare lindsay lohan pre and post cocaine - her looks have improved . if you like that look .
1 obama winning the nobel peace prize is like madonna winning an award 4 '' being like a virgin '' -lrb- via crabbycon -rrb-
1 little richard was nicki minaj before she ever was her !!!! him and all these facial expressions and personalities
1 < - hyperventilating . gag & madonna on snl together ! the gay man in me has died and has gone to transexual heaven
1 levi johnston has turned stripper : the whole sarah palin phenomena has become the joke that just wo n't go . .
1 q . why will jimmy carter vote for barack obama ? a . because carter does n't want to be the worst president in history .
1 video : mike doughty : tremendous brunettes mike doughty with dave matthews , this make smile and think about ... .
1 all the latest celebrity news from hollywood : lady gaga 's solo tour and britney spears goes number one
1 nook international , reader from creative `` kindle review -- $t$ ... : displaying a working model of its first . .
1 worst case scenario : taliban and al-qaeda retake afghanistan , overthrow pakistan , and sarah palin is elected president . what -- me worry ?
1 the wii is just ace . teething problems with the box , give it another go got the cold light of day .
1 good morning . wtf ?!? seriously some people need to get a live & leave me the fuck alone.im not britney spears so stop talking me please thanks bye
1 np this weed is mine - snoop dogg feat . wiz khalifa
1 so sick of the people who are called '' fuck britney '' following me !! i don like britney spears ! have a problem .
1 die beat van sexrap is van mohobi en nicki minaj - hold you komjeerachter
1 rt regsecurity world 's first -lsb- jailbroken -rsb- iphone worm rickrolls angry fanbois -lsb- because jailbreaking opens ssh -rsb-
1 gagamonster013 ahah , i know right ? i guess you love lady gaga ? ♥
1 your partner cheats , blame obama . your kid fails a test in school , blame $t$ . your girl is pregnant , not the father ? just blame $t$
1 the britney spears song ' 3 ' is the best i 've ver listened to !
1 i bought an old madonna lp the other day for . 99 , i 'm gon na clear $ 10 after fees .
1 just found out a britney spears porn site is following me . how do they keep finding me ? like 15 followed my old twitter !
1 2 things i hate : glee & lady gaga ** waits for those with out a penis and those who like penis in butt to tell me i 'm wrong & a jerk **
1 windows 7 is the best non-unix based os i have ever used . you should be very happy together .
1 watching snl - debbie downer featuring lindsay lohan video - buzznet at vodpod
1 britney spears - behind the scenes outrageous
1 rt playwitmymonkey : fuck the lakers yeahisaidit
1 get an xbox :p try operation flashpoint 2 , it 's even more amazing . it 's just harder
1 gamebrahma.com : sony : blame ps3 for lack of psp games
1 hannity the hypocrite loved the snl skit on obama but hated the snl skit on sarah palin , ca n't have it both ways nitwit ! ha
1 i wonder how irritated actual organizations that try to stop child sex slavery are by those idiotic ads by demi moore and ashton kutcher ?
1 was hoping they 'd give out a free psp at the $t$ go event like they did we 3000
1 new post | lady gag and madonna on snl funny as hell ...
1 check it out : shakira addicted to you lyrics - addicted to you lyrics shaikra title : addicted to you lyrics artist : ... .
1 lindsay lohan is a naughty girl again - back to court she goes , maybe back to jail too
1 britney spears ' new single '' 3 '' has an incredibly addicting beat . i officially love it ...
1 lady gag and madonna passionately kissed on their intro skit this weekend
1 mau tiket gratiis nonton justin bieber ... klik here . ...
1 britney spears is a singer -lrb- and not a very good one -rrb-
1 check this video out -- next 2 u ft . justin bieber - chris brown -lrb- lyrics in des . -rrb- . via youtube omb best song ever
1 lindsay lohan tries to explain her adventures in fashion . britney spears receives a dubious award . joe francis h . .
1 daily gossip : britney spears in love
1 barack obama a person who acts in a manipulative and devious way , to baffle you with bull shit and gain your trust . tcot hcr glen beck
1 gagafan1112 i was n't saying i do n't like lady gaga . . i love $t$ . i just thought it was funny . -lrb- :
1 is saying shes miley . yeah . right . did you know im the real britney spears ? ha ha ha . okay . but its fun reading her tweets . lol
1 :-rrb- courage is not the absence of fear , but the capacity to act despite our fears . john mccain
1 rip lou albano . gone but not forgotten . like lindsay lohan ' s tits .
1 learning about google wave . really excited for it . work will be much better when these types of tools are commonplace .
1 cthagod is famous for his impressionist paintings and and he started apple computers with steve jobs .
1 guy ritchie : madonna is retarded but i still love her : guy ritchie says he is still in love with $t$ even t . .
1 congratulations to all for a great con gmn11 . grants managers are '' winning the future '' - to quote president obama -lrb- not charlie sheen -rrb- . gmnsomed
1 pur meaning perverted underground restaurant ? harry potter night will be magical & mythical
1 ca n't get over leighton 's new single , it 's like britney spears meets goldfrapp and has amazing musical sex
1 '' are you in ? living ' in sin is the new thing . are you in ? i am counting ' ... '' - britney spears ' new song is stuck in my head . she counts a lot .
1 publicized cases of martha stewart , scooter libby , barry bonds and bernie madoff demonstrate very successful people are more prone to lying ?
1 i love britney spears ... don hate me : -lrb-
1 no drugs , alcohol , britney orders tour entourage - pop star britney spears who is going to visit australia next mon ...
1 no worries . i 'm just concerned i had to drag myself away from a britney spears film ! but i 've taped it so ...
1 hey juice television lady gaga aint metal . wtf why just why .
1 just seen nick cannon in real life ... that was a surprise
1 daily news : obama 's war of choice -lrb- the week -rrb- .
1 interesting , so center stage had more than one song by mandy moore and i never snooped ? weird
1 president obama is trap ! he and his nato allies got in the middle of the libya crisis with no way out ! trapfiles . com
1 rt katie_khan : amazing presentation from google containing the best online creative of the year : . -lrb- / via matt_muir ...
1 zakbeganslover im watching harry potter now im waiting for nightmare before christmas to come on : -rrb-
1 if you mean where thugs went wrong with national treasure , it all started when they cast nicolas cage . the solution ? recast . ; -rrb-
1 today all joe hoes and stayers came together as one to cry , pervert , scream & get mind fucked by joe and nick jonas . joickshirtless .
1 rt newmediamike : amazing list of every google product and how much we depend on them - . - not all was good
1 president meets with national security team . president barack obama continues a series of consultations on u.s. pol
1 geez ! sarah palin ' s life just plays out like a south park episode does n't it ? here 's the latest :
1 russell brand and katy perry suit each other . they 're both weird .
1 ellen degeneres deemed trustworthy for jodi picoult 's fifth film adaptation .
1 '' lindsay lohan hits rock bottom '' screams tabloid . err , really ?! thank you like rpulse truth
1 im never going to perfect my iphone typinnn .
1 i am no longer following kim kardashian . i hope this does n't ruin her day too badly .
1 great news nux fans ! we have extended our giveaway of kim kardashian 's nux usa jacket to give you more time to ... .
1 glee extended tonight for lady gaga born this way episode -lrb- recap -rrb- : on tuesday glee extended ton ... .
1 wow my mom got me a micheal jackson poster and wow another poster of taylor lauter
1 we do n't want obama , it 's my understanding that the polls show the american people do n't want it . this is a democracy $t$ ! america !
1 justin bieber with chris brown ... '' up '' and '' next to you '' both love
1 you can add britney spears track 3 to my list of guilty pleasures .
1 wii fit naked is not a good look for a man ! so im told , damm neighbors
1 renaissance _ apple survey - all apple products stink ? ipad sucks ? freebies .
1 this new nicolas cage , ever mendes , n xzibit movie is looking like it could be real good '' bad lieutenant ''
1 xdd i was totally thinking about harry potter when i read your tweet . ha yes ! do it ! i 'll love you forever !
1 need help were would your mum hide your xbox ? $t$
1 oops ! mitt romney accidentally embraces key provision of obama 's health care law . . p2 tcot teaparty
1 thm i really do actually like lindsay lohan movies - please do n't hold that against me
1 inhighschool micheal jackson was the truth
1 quite impressed with real racing from firemint for the iphone . smart of vm to sponsor a free version too !
1 how i 'm gon na tell my baby bye bye , outfit look crazy on you you my lady gaga !
1 lakers !! hell yeah !! you get more and more awesome everyday !! rt sarliz88 : cant wait for basketball season !!! $t$ !!!
1 wow at broads sending me myspace requests with '' want a handjob ? '' on the comment box lol they must be the britney spears ho bots on there !
1 the harry potter cast has grown so much since the first one . they were so cute and adorable !
1 all i know is my niggas better be on their shit on friday because i 'm coming at chicks ' necks as if they was sarah palin ... keep them glasses on
1 who needs madonna or beyoncé when you have kylie ! she ´ s much nicer and better singer ! her concert is a blast !
1 megan fox fears no longer get on a plane thanks to britney spears , because she hears one of her songs when she is in a plane .
1 i have a magnavox clock radio that works pretty good ... and a jensen one for my ipod ... hope that helps
1 this bitch just farted next to me . . did n't warm me , just stayed playing on his iphone !!! muthafuck . fart robot approves .
1 we both know i need the exercise !!! but wii is fun as hell for real . i even got kristian trying to bowl
1 np '' decision '' bust rhymes ft . jamie fox , mary j . blige , john legend , and common .
1 '' if barack obama were somehow able to cure hunger ... , the republicans would blame him for overpopulation '' - alangrayson
1 morning everybody ... in response to entering america into another war , obama cutting his vacay short ... by 2 hours
1 rt openculture : great stuff : rt karentempler : amazing compilation by the google creative lab : '' the world is full of interesting things ...
1 i anticipate companies will hold onto their experience systems for as long as possible & wo n't will race to upgrade to windows 7 , flop of an operator .
1 just like you and reonhartbreaker and that chick that 's yall new wii partner !
1 feeling slightly lethargic today-last night was very silly . today is all about ian and adam making fools of themselves on wii fit ...
1 dunno why but i like lindsay lohan , she 's my favorite '' celebrity '' . lindsaylohan
1 stacey q two of hearts sounds sooo much like madonna '' i need you i need you '' i remember her cameo on the facts of life :-rrb- !! roller tutti
1 li-lo celebrates freedom with a spa : for celebrities , court is just a filler between spa visits . lindsay lohan b . .
1 obama thinks that '' ideas '' alone will cause victory against terrorists and madmen ? what an utopian absurd belief .
1 i love harry potter movies : -rrb-
1 too funny ! folks , get off obama 's back . people treating him like he 's harry potter , and he put his name in that hat . sheesh
1 the refs uniforms in the ufl looks like what tiger woods wear
1 obama never played follow the leader . tcot teaparty p2
1 i really like bill gates , his foundation has done a lot for the world , and it is even doing great things for america
1 tnsdigitallife awesome job , guys ! any chance i 'll ever be access the pretty little interface from an ipad ?
1 ge shows healthcare breakthrough with a mini ultrasound the size of an ipod .
1 kim kardashian is the dumbest omg
1 i think i shall play the wii for a while . after i watch friends of course
1 i love how britney spears ' s kids names are sean and jayden . familiaaarrrr x -rsb-
1 your way left of most but i think you can secretly support a 2012 ticket of ron paul & sarah palin :-rrb- sshh it 'll be our secret !
1 me ? love justin bieber ? i would n't dream of it !
1 yes ! good morning ! rt : mistersixand7 : musicmonday 3 by britney spears !!!!! << << << love love love !!!
1 i 'm listening to '' save me '' by nicki minaj -lrb- . -rrb- pandora
1 -lsb- cnni -rsb- woods routs yang to clinch presidents cup : tiger woods made it a perfect five wins from five match . .
1 lindsay lohan news $t$ : ungaro 's ugly , budget pasties were n't my idea : fresh off th . .
1 well at least you can use itunes and download britney spears ' 3 ' 10 times ; -rrb-
1 speaking of psp ' s would you recommend getting a 3000 over a dsi ?
1 so im checking at the bodies and you know im satisfied . madonna ' is american life is the shit . i love it . mm
1 i got that good good im micheal jackson bad he attracted too me with my attractive ass ...
1 britneyspears news ! britney breaks billboard record ! : good for her ! britney spears ' latest . .
1 guess it would b neat if i were into golf which i 'm not . tiger woods will be here . maybe i can get a glimpse of the billion dollar man .
1 : okay we must make a girl day =-rrb- are you listening crank it up . ? i hear music too =-rrb- i listening micheal jackson
1 abcfamily . harry potter . fuck yeah .
1 i 'm sorry but if demi lovato leaves swac ... its not even going to be worth watching . she is the main character .
1 skywaterblue i really think she this generation 's madonna . hopefully without the annoying british phase . / / 100 % agreement
1 3,401 tweets * __ * ♫ music - britney spears - 3 / / pity - me adora / / lady gag - bad romance ♫
1 the fanatic zionist and inciter against muslims during 2008 campaign , john mccain , went to libya to support '' freedom '' .
1 trying to sleep but chelsea handler got me rolling ... lololol !
1 just read a brilliant piece by peggy noonan on barack obama and peace prize fiasco
1 please digg : steve jobs is more popular than oprah
1 looks like disney stores are gon na be a lot more like apple stores -lrb- thanks to steve jobs -rrb-
1 at the movies with reanna cale and harley watching harry potter and the deathly hallows :-rrb- its great so far
1 edward and john grimes do n't do a good britney spears in drag . . in fact they don do a good anything
1 though i walk through valley of shadow of death panels , i will fear no evil for sarah palin art with me conservativebible
1 newt gingrich assails obama over libya policy -lrb- video -rrb- . $t$
1 set my dads ringtone to love me by justin bieber and it went off in walmart and everyone was staring at him hahaha : -rrb-
1 just finished the last harry potter book ! first time i have ever read it . cried so many times . mostly when fred died ! love you oliver phelps
1 lol iphone plan is like a car note .
1 i can go any page , star any tweet , and search any name on twitter , but i ca n't even tweet from my psp !!! that just sucks !
1 nicki minaj 's music really brings out the independent sassy black woman inside of me .
1 barack obama ' is accomplishments according to snl
1 this highly offensive ! i could totally destroy harry potter . rt
1 na na na na everyday it 's like my ipod stuck on replay , replay-ay-ay-ay ...
1 '' red light special '' still makes me want to go all kim kardashian on somebody like i should be working a corner on harry hines .
1 it felt right & madonna told me to do it , apparently is n't a valid excuse for anything . except stealing malawian babies & making bad movies
1 need help from pln : working with school to devlp prgrm with ipod touch in stud . hands . what uses must be included ? what app/programs ?
1 justin bieber is a crap singer ? usher and justin timberlake were fighting over him
1 kisses and hugs for britney spears today . love has came back around to you my love congratsbritney
1 xbox live : el verdad is currently online . playing rock band 2 . drums solo quickplaygetting ready to rock . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 well if the wii fit tells him he 's fat , he might get depressed and start eating more ; -rrb-
1 i really hate oprah . i really do
1 listening to a song i love : britney spears - blur
1 ashton kutcher chilling with lb .
1 okay , so i 'm obviously behind the times ... what exactly is google wave ???
1 kchurch03 lol i hate harry potter . are you going out tonight ?
1 mamma i wan na be like souljaboy when i grow up !
1 is an amazon kindle good for a 12 year old ?
1 escuchando a britney spears - 3 ... lady gag - bad romance ... black eyed peas - meet me half way ... shakira - give it up to me ... !!!!!
1 sarah palin got a degree in journalism . she 's dumb as fuck . depends wt your studying abd wt college . good job anyway . your rare
1 im blasting 3 by britney spears into my ears ... wow seriously its super high quality , super clear & really addictive !
1 my friend is the best i think ? he just reset my ipod touch after my cous locked it !!!
1 i wonder how many niggaz will eat oprah pussy lol
1 awwwwww . the obama family vacation / spring break is cut short due to a few trivial matters concerning the future of our country .
1 vita carminis : pro-life & a new fan of justin bieber - vitacarminis : .
1 girl has down time , i guess : rt gottalaff video : hillary clinton starts peace talks ... between conan & corybooker
1 this article says that wii sales are down because of no good games , but everyone pretty much has a $t$ already , thats why !
1 ahhh haley thats horrible ! i don like louis tomillson !! d : he has justin bieber hair
1 my new favorite song : 3 by britney spears . love it ! lol .
1 warner to begin selling advertising across the web in music videos by artists like madonna
1 gaming purposes -lrb- xbox live -rrb- plus i like to meet new people
1 i find it ironic that jimmy carter worked for 20 years to earn the nobel peace prize , the dalai lama for 40 years .
1 happy miley cyrus 's day to all smiles ! we are like a family ♥
1 is charlie sheen headed to fox -- or back to ' two and a half men ? ' - detroit free press .
1 dj y alias jy - the way you are does n't mean anything -lrb- alicia keys vs . bruno mars -rrb- . via mashstix
1 john boehner is an immoral clown not fit to serve in congress and not smart enough to speak in public .
1 lady gaga please follow me diva ? , you are amazing $t$ , i love you ♥ follow me please * -- *
1 thanks to danecook , i know way too much about britney spears ' s vagina . awesome show , btw .
1 i remember buying my first wii at toy are ' us . it was hectic and so long ago . random
1 '' 3 '' by britney spears is pretty dope , plus it deputed at number 1 , kudos 2 her
1 i do n't hate miley cyrus - _______ - and i love hannah montana .
1 mt ukprogressive : challenge to sarah palin : produce your academic papers | crooks and liars . | brilliance from karoli
1 little wayne & britney spears now thats hot ! young muuuuullllaaaaa bbaaaabbbaaaayyyy ha love it
1 is having the most frustrating time with a psp dev kit ...
1 madonna brava was great ! and twas nice to see so many friends in ccp . tonight was a good , good night ! - update via sms using
1 that 's hilarious !! i love when people reference harry potter : - -rrb-
1 britney spears and little ' wayne - bad didar
1 neiledmundson apple survey - what do you think of apple products ? ipad sucks ? freebies .
1 late night with jimmy fallon : following the promotion of conan o'brien to the host of the tonight show , saturday night live ... nycevents
1 google wave is a lonely place . : - -lrb-
1 wow ! bill , look at you ! you look like britney spears ! except not a fat guy .
1 my newest 3 followers all have the same picture of britney spears with a penis in her mouth . that 's aggressive marketing .
1 i wo n't even lie , i like watching martha stewart easter specials . like , how to paint eggs and stuff .
1 i realize people do n't like what blizzard has done , but look at xbox , phone , and ps3 microtransactions . it 's been in everquest for years . not new
1 the horrors new video is fucking weird . i love it though and i 'm downloading the video for my ipod now : d
1 sarah palin is a disgrace & an embarrassment to thinking women everywhere . her inevitable implosion will be spectacular palin12
1 selly g is a great rapper ! i love her and i admire her !! , but my heart is of selena gomez ! i am sorry selly g , :-rrb- i support you
1 pulled tweetdeck : slight problem with the new iphone tweetdeck v 1.1 - works 4 most but crashes 4 some
1 why is it more interesting to find the ancestry story of michelle than hillary clinton ? what can i get from this stuff ?
1 barack obama 's father , also named barack , was born in kenya , not president barack . get your fucking facts right . -lrb- :d -rrb-
1 the whole time i have to sing ' lucky ' - britney spears . such a good song . ' this is a story about an girl named lucky ' ♥ ♥ ♥
1 mccain calls for greater help for libya rebels : sen. john mccain called friday for the world to provide greater support to libya 's reply ...
1 lindsay lohan blasts samantha ronson and friend carlos lopez on twitter -
1 this '' winning '' ish getting old quickly ... especially after charlie sheen ass kissed another man . umno
1 john mayer and brad paisley collaborations are so great bestofbothworlds
1 so the phó place right on jimmy carter by the hong kong supermarket is really good
1 i love that obama got the nobel peace prize basically for not being george bush . that 's how much bush altered the global climate .
1 i 'm such a bad driver ! lindsay lohan wannabe ! bad baaaaaad driver hahaha
1 i could n't see that thang thang with a microscope * my nicki minaj voice *
1 5 iphone accessories we 're still waiting for : along the same lines of the universal remote dongle above -- with . .
1 own the sarah palin box , an american treasure : own a genuine piece of real american history ! brace yourselv . .
1 google , i hate you . you make it quite hard to hear the conversation .
1 boring functionary eric cantor trying to destroy john boehner : the republican party has no talent . al ... . - freedom !
1 obama seeks advice on afghanistan : barack obama prepares to meet senior advisers as the us marks ei . .
1 lead singer from chicago and muddy waters helping me write a song for britney spears .
1 ahem . . '' nicolas cage gets freaky in ' bad lieutenant ' '' o_o now what the hell
1 omg lindsay lohan . they are soooo beautiful !!! really love this new your leggings ... great job lindsay !!!! :-rrb- baci bella
1 britney spears ' ex-bf pleads no contest to leaving scene of accident
1 swedish movie star malin akerman is keen to follow in the footsteps of angelina jolie and madonna and adopt a child from africa .
1 something else . i mean he could be pissed off because i said shit about micheal jackson or anything . it might not be about you
1 ella eer tuduuh * -- * i love so much britney spears * - *
1 priceless egging britney spears shirt
1 news the cost of living : oprah beneficiary laments drug delay : he was the face of oprah winfrey 's aust ... . sydney
1 i just took '' '' rape is n't good ... mostly if it 's done by justin bieber '' warning : very expli ... '' and got : part six ! try it : .
1 i very love justin bieber ... i always waiting you ...
1 my boss do n't know i 've been jammiin 2 my ipod all day and my headfonesz are green ... stupid fat bastard lol
1 britneyspears britney spears ' s new single -3 ' debuts at 1 : video : congratulations are in order . .
1 jimmy fallon is n't funny and never will be
1 i get excited everytime i get an email thinking its my google wave invite ... then i 'm depressed to see its only junk
1 okay so it was the most intense day ever ... ha , , , song of the day - lucky by britney spears
1 70/80s dance tonight at my daughter 's elementary school :--rrb- totally rocking my best madonna gear :--rrb- pictures to be posted later ...
1 lizlovessvu i 'm going back and forth between mean girls and harry potter . bitches and dementors !
1 lady gaga love you
1 how to present like steve jobs -lrb- via guykawasaki -rrb- fb
1 holy water . 4 drunks . plus sober me . britney spears . not good .
1 right off of jimmy carter exit + gwinett ... its dope as shit man .
1 amazing clock for windows 7
1 no matter how good you get you can always get better and that 's the exciting part - tiger woods
1 ha yuh i guess . i get to stalk lindsay lohan so cool ha too bad bob marley dead im a follower pa naman . tom oki ! text text !
1 john boehner , the republican speaker of the house of represenatives , criticized obama in a letter yesterday -lrb- continued -rrb- lybia us
1 good read on any potential verizon iphone deal and cell technology
1 does anyone know the psp cheat 4 spider-man 2 for infinity web ? cant find it so im losing
1 exclusive see call of duty 4 : modern warfare reflex footage on the wii before activision takes it down go go go ! lol
1 getting ready to post the latest from charlsieniemiec - it 's excellent , as always , but we need to work on her johnmayer problem ...
1 brittney spears and justin timberlake were so cute together !
1 i wish amazon.com would n't glorify glenn beck and sarah palin . go away gop . you 're not wanted .
1 t r you t h o you t | an open letter to president barack obama : dear president obama : afghanistan is the good war , . .
1 george bush had effectively set the us back by 16 years -lrb- 8 years x 2 dumb strength factor lol . .
1 justin bieber spelt alot ring :] i learned in grd 3 that it was spelt with 2 words ;-rrb- a lot
1 hahaha '' because he 's black '' '' whats wrong with jimmy carter ? ''
1 lindsay lohan ' s face and my face have way too much in common today . feeling truly haggard .
1 ambarbh apple survey - all apple products stink ? ipad sucks ? mac .
1 wow , awesome deal . thanks ! -lrb- -lrb- been wanting a second xbox for a bit now , lol -rrb- -rrb-
1 guy ritchie breaks silence on madonna : ' i still love her but she 's retarded ' ~ 7qr
1 2009 hottest artists ft . flo rida , katy perry , britney spears , lady gag together -
1 headline of the day : russell brand talks doing heroin , katy perry -lrb- via huffingtonpost -rrb-
1 follow ------------------ >> justinbiebeirr for dms to justin bieber , jaden and willow smith . tell me when u follow her = -rrb-
1 relieved to know lattie coor will be the '' keeper of the vision '' for the arizona we want institute . sounds like a job for harry potter .
1 got new moon tickets yesterday for my sister 's birthday ! now i know how the star wars & harry potter groupies feel like : -rrb-
1 mw2 less than 2 days . fuck xbox . ps3 ftw !
1 i just took '' would justin bieber and you make a good couple ? '' and got : perfect couple ! try it : .
1 the unlikely tale of how britney spears got back on track after . .
1 come to our eagan location mon 10/19 5-7pm to celebrate amelia starring hilary swank , enjoy extended happy hour and much more , goodbye there : -rrb-
1 is it weird that i 'm jealous of russell brand 's curls ? there just so nice and natural
1 i remade lady gaga 's '' born this way '' instrumental . let me know if i did a good job ! : -rrb-
1 maybe ha . she problem does . she is going to britney spears after all =p yuup probs . okay . she 's real nice -lsb- :
1 i have been trying all week , but keep playing with my new phone . to make things worse lizwood bought a wii yesterday ...
1 damn it all . is this hilary swank ' s crappy film time or her oscar film time ? icantremember amelia
1 spc09 try psr . exe on your windows 7 machine - it is awesome
1 well , i do believe we have broken the record this year in how quickly we can debase the secrecy element of familial kris kindle . 2 days .
1 re-watched sirius 's death with my brother on his psp while testing if youtube actually works . it made me miss the good ol ' days .
1 why the fuck this penis sucking britney spears bitch keep following me ?
1 obots think jon stewart is a real newscaster and barack obama is a real president p2 tcot
1 emm no - i did n't ! she is always insulting sam and it would be good if she would n't write lindsay lohan
1 behave bitches ! '' bitch , you better stop interrupting us . '' '' respect '' '' respect '' madonna and lady gag on snl -lrb- absolutely amazing -rrb- x
1 althouse : am i really as interesting as sarah palin ' s womb ?
1 ha ! love nickel creek cover of britney spears song '' toxic '' :-rrb- : ha ! love nickel creek cover of $t$ so . .
1 thinks twitter and facebook on xbox live is going to boost the little controller keyboard sells .
1 saving all the work for later . . playing wii sports challenge with my teens . i 'm the champ in $t$ bowling . . lol
1 obama lacks management to shiver yucca site , justice told : washington washington-lawyers for washington state an ... .
1 main i miss lindsay lohan as i look back in the old ` magazines
1 i won the keen flyer badge achievement in harry potter and the half-blood prince for 29 trueachievement points
1 i love robert pattinson . . always have ^_^ < 3 loved him in harry potter =d sexy !
1 damn you britney spears for making such catchy songs ...
1 a gateway with the same specs as yours for less money and windows 7 . ha .
1 1bigant man blake was coming to the lakers all along and fuck shasa lol
1 hillary clinton the latest to condemn guinea soldiers for firing on crowds & raping women in a crackdown on a rally
1 john legend is ' rolling ' in the struggle : i 'm so very conflicted about $t$ 's cover of adele 's '' rolling i ... .
1 lakers i love my $t$
1 cooda yay !! in bed tweeting rocks !!! thank you sooo much for fitting it ! - nice one cooda now get your wii online louvallis
1 now maradona ' is men need a result in uruguay on wednesday . he may yet get out of this mess he 's created
1 lindsay lohan is stealing again celebrity news , celebrity gossip ...
1 i love justin bieber and lady gaga justin bieber is so good at singing and $t$ is so pretty and really cool like justin bieber
1 thinking kindle 2 has it over the book reader but the lack of external storage on the $t$ actively pisses me off firstworldproblems
1 glamorous celeb : the best dressed of the day was hilary swank the oscar winning actress in a white elie saab couture gown
1 john boehner no compriomise , is the big asshole that you r you made your bed , now have to lay in that bed . this is why i say you r a dumb ass lmao lmao
1 just for the record - i love windows 7 and still hate olives . justsayin
1 nope , just real world stats . the ' ... windows 7 cooks on an hp z800 workstation . . '' you have any link pointing to the story ?
1 news . ycombinato ... : with advice from steve jobs , disney plans overhaul of mall stores -
1 obama gets a nobel peace prize and george bush is still and idiot
1 i love that my dads a fan of melannie fiona , jennifer hudson , and alicia keys :d ha
2 rt if you love harry potter < 3
1 holy shit , britney spears and enrique ??? my 15 year old self is freaking out .
1 rt inibbleonclits : fuck the lakers lol . . teamceltics -- aye legggo but teamheat
1 wow spend the whole day listening to '' overprotective '' by britney spears < 3
1 so sarah palin ' s daughter 's baby daddy is going to pose for playgirl . look like someone is trying to hold onto their 15 minutes of fame .
1 was that your voice advertising an xbox for tesco ? somehow , it just did not seem right ! ca n't imagine you liking an $t$ .
1 obama , you watching eu deal with debt crisis ? doubt they will b much use with libya despite radiating confidence of sarkozy . all hat & no cattle
1 whoa . google chrome . i think i may have found my new true love . $t$
1 these britney spears giving head videos are funny and annoying at the same time .
1 real talk ... . . yankeesgod2622 is singing taylor swift , on the microphone . we playing xbox this dude , swinging taylor swift . . wtf !
1 ... and no i 'm not talking about justin bieber or lady ha
1 lindsay lohan i love you .
1 microsoft xbox 360 premium edition game console : us $ 80.00 -lrb- 0 bid -rrb- end date : thursday nov-05-2009 17:59:56 pst . .
1 xbox live : iamthebull5 is currently online . playing rock band 2 . guitar practicegetting ready to rock . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 i hate harry potter and wish he would just die already !
1 so far , i 'm really liking windows 7 . it 's quite a jump from experience , but it 's really slick , quick , and shiny .
1 excuses , excuses ... lindsay lohan is too goofy . well see if her next line proves if she 's really talented .
1 blackberries r like george bush ... phones r like barack obama
1 lmao okay im making myself feel sick now . i did not watch never say never and i do not love justin bieber . i just want more followers lmao
1 . i read comics on my phone . i downioaded st 09 countdown . i brought a kindle in september and really like it for novels .
1 rt dodgerpaul : rt lakers : dr. love yonni barrios was greeted by his mistress . they are offering him a telenovela dos mujeres , you ...
1 chussel have it say to lady gaga love tour little monster ashleigh please help me . does that sound okay ?
1 do n't know who aggravates me more mich mcconnell , john boehner , or harry reid . why do n't they all shut up ?
1 good job now get me windows 7 !
1 next violation means jail , judge tells lohan -lrb- malaysianews.net -rrb- | year added to lindsay lohan ' s probation to . .
1 rt retomeier : notch i work for google in london on android . would love to talk to you about bringing minecraft to android : -rrb-
1 so it takes a royal wedding 2 make everyone forget about charlie sheen ? god ! people r easily amused , fickle n just plain fucking stupid at times
1 jesus christ people , nick jonas cut his hair cause he felt like it . besides , his hair looks 10x better and he looks so much more ... grown -lrb- ;
1 '' sarah palin : going rogue . '' definition of '' rogue '' -1 : vagrant , tramp 2 : a dishonest or worthless person -lrb-
1 musicmonday britney spears - chaotic , taylor swift-lovestory , $t$ -3 , $t$ - unusual you , kelis-i hate you so much right now
1 me , upon seeing a black guy in a white poloneck on the side of the road : '' looks like micheal jackson ' s penis ! '' well it made me laugh . too soon ?
1 did media lie !!? ' obama sure keeps his promises , all the world love him , so open/law abiding & > brilliant < abc cbs nbc cnn npr pbs television nea
1 why do n't you like windows 7
1 i know right ! i ca n't help it im trying to make bill gates money !
1 avrillavigne 's 26 . . older than katy perry , but she looks so young and hip !
1 i adore nicki minaj . tweet me if you do to : d
1 charlie sheen dumps literary agent : $t$ has parted ways with his literary agent , peter mcguigan at fou ... ... .
1 16:50 headshot nowplaying britney spears - gasoline -lrb- femme fatale - album deluxe -rrb-
1 limbaugh calls obama a '' siss -lsb- y -rsb- '' for listening to women advisors on national security - media matters .
1 you guys have to have a xbox 360 beta !!! i '' am a huge because fan and i wan na play !!! please reconsider !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1 80 's madonna - a list of 7 uk singles - a pop sensation ever since the 1984 release of holiday , $t$ released 22 ...
1 wtf now soulja boy is now snoop 's nephew ? how many damn nephews this guy have ? he 's like fuck the godfather , i 'll be that1uncle smh
1 that 's funny :-rrb- windows 7 still vulnerable to viruses -- durr , really ?
1 well if it rains i 'm checking out zakta 's wizard guide and watching all the movies in a row !! i love harry potter and i 'm 26 !!
1 left 4 dead 2 demo hits xbox live tomorrow ! so excited to be killing new zombies .
1 harry potter author gets danish honor : the author of the hugely successful $t$ series , has been announced . .
1 oh hell no . khloe kardashian is '' guest starring '' on law & order : la ... is any talent required in hollywood anymore ? o_o
1 hell yeah it is . play it all the time on xbox .
1 says since its my birthday i 'm sleeping early . weh ~ ... might end up sleeping around 4am playing psp anyway . = __ = x ...
1 playing lego harry potter . not into $t$ but i do love lego games they 're the best !!!
1 i hate my xbox ...
1 where can i find books about taylor swift in the philippines ? -lrb- i wan na buy -rrb-
1 i do know ; hes amazing and hes in harry potter and wow
1 i love nyc but how how can it not have a basketball team that make its name by itself ? that 's why i root 4 the the lakers !
1 please stop calling justin bieber a girl ... it 's an insult to women everywhere ... it 's a part breed ! : d
1 just saw harry potter ... again . why is it so fucking good aughdmklskpfn . dobby was even sadder this time ... and ron 's acting even more amazing
1 britney spears - 3 i think my speakers feel violated . talk about weak pop regurgitation . still waiting for a good britney song . just one .
1 what is this fascination these spammers have with pushing britney spears on us ? who cares . britney is so 7 years ago .
1 perez hilton is a fag .
1 think its time to get my hands on a kindle . whispersync with phone looks handy as well . - mine should be arriving this week : -rrb-
1 remarks by president barack obama at an astronomy event with students -lrb- as ... : president obama : it is good to is . .
1 woohoo !! my xbox has already been shipped back . should be here in a couple of days . that was less than one week on a rrod repair .
1 it helps when you have products that speak so strongly for themselves . rt : present like steve jobs
1 is there a way when you ' list all songs ' on an ipod , it will group by album instead of alphabetically ? i should like such a feature
1 ok , i was a little quick to judge windows 7 starter , dig around & you find fun things like color calibration & some cool customization , is true
1 why da hell did da dream tell kim kardashian that she can sing smh stick 2 fuckin & suckin sweetheart , you r good at it
1 watching espn bashing wnba finals . . to myself lol . manly-ass arms . . and i thought madonna ' is was worse
1 wow a day with brooke saw harry potter and the deathly hallows part 1 it was amazing and going home now so tired i love snow : -rrb-
1 -lsb- video -rsb- google wave pulp fiction
1 great that barack obama won the nobel peace prize but is n't the sub-text behind him winning really ' congratulations for not being george bush ' ?
1 may be it 's a damn parent trap -lrb- hell no you 're making a movie with lindsay lohan -rrb- huahahahahahaha
1 cuba 's fidel castro hails barack obama ' is nobel peace prize - telegraph.co.uk : telegraph . co . ukcuba 's fidel c . .
1 watching '' 8mile '' this my favorite movie besides harry potter lol << < i know every freestyle in 8 mile what a lame i am lmao
1 nowplaying e.t. - katy perry feat . kanye west
1 my 1st experience connecting windows 7 to a wireless network . doesnt work . is it time to switch everyone over to mac ? yes
1 i just got a google wave invite ! argh ! why does starbucks internet have to be so slow ! this is the best day ever ! ; -rrb-
1 ' if you 're tryna become a teen idol , tip numba three , do n't be friends with lindsay lohan ' hahahahaha .
1 lindsay lohan -- justice delayed is sweet justice hollywoodextrafiled under : < a href = '' : / / is.gd / 4mkgr
1 venus and serena williams might well have recovered from recent injury worries , but the sisters are still uncertain ... .
1 barnes & noble does the nook . i know you have the kindle . it 's amazon only right ?
1 letterman is on it tonight . even apologized to sarah palin for good measure . folding laundry , now it 's time for bed .
1 real estate news | nicolas cage ' s ' treasure ' buried in debt : `` levin . .
1 was the first kid to lie and say micheal jackson played with them . . it her fault !!
1 saw microsoft natal demo this week - face , voice , and body recognition tech was amazing . what the wii should have been but is n't .
1 dragon age : origins theme song - xbox 360 video game news - pal ...
1 david letterman 's interview with madonna aired today in sa - quite ironic what he told her reply relationships considering what happened lately
1 which crazy mess should i be ... lady gag , amy winehouse , or britney spears ? halloween ideas ? pluhlease . i 'm desperate .
1 i hope belgium does n't piss obama off ... i like belgium .
1 when did you start talking like britney spears
1 the marathon run against arsenal . maradona who ? : d
1 yo that 's messed up souljaboy little brother gone damn rip little homie
1 president obama is a good man , he cares about his people like he does his kids ... i like that ...
1 psp | konami projects 22.5 % six-month sales slip : konami continues to feel the impact of 2008 's success in 2009 . rep. . .
1 we were near vrsar . . :-rrb- i am a mcfly fan :d and harry potter especially tom felton :p and fall out boy < 3 she 's alright lol x
1 fuck jus10 , restart , cine , hori , lady gaga , fuck all , i want slipknotrockinrio2011
1 windows 7 might be the best thing ever , but the ms marketing department seems determined to undermine that with ads full of pricks ...
1 no . kindle is a dream platform . like itunes / pod . i ca n't get into them
1 i 'm watching the first harry potter . they were cuth cute little kids ha
1 i still ca n't believe that mariah carey and nick cannon are married ... it 's just weird lol
1 i love lady gaga than my family
1 hopeeee _ haaa whatever : b watching harry potter with brother : b you ? -lsb- :
1 why e yang against tiger woods for the singles matches . wow !! this is a rematch and worth watching .
1 lol . watching reruns of the teen choice awards . britney spears was a total bitch to miley cyrus when miley gave her the award !
1 musicmonday 2 great covers of britney spears songs : glen hansard - everytime and a static lullaby - toxic
1 los angles lakers : power ranking top 10 greatest moments in franchise history : in those days a coin flip , not the ... .
1 rt : cmasonwells not gon na lie , the headline '' guy ritchie : madonna is retarded '' pretty much made my day .
1 i 'll dming to justin bieber whoever follow ~ ~ > biebergasmtm
1 making moves one at a time an winning at them for beats hit me cause they could be yours . souljaboy
1 where can you get psp downloads without any payment included ? : $t$ blender is the best but im not allowed to si . .
1 man found my psp might start rocking out with it cheer boy
1 love how i choose another tattoo and boom miley cyrus has the exact same one ... fuck now i ca n't get it
1 really needs a new laptop ... speakers don work , trackpad button is all screw ... but id also really love an ipad with camera ... priorities
1 barack obama was born in hawaii , not flipping africa . i do n't care if you like him , but he was n't born in africa .
1 quotethatmovie : '' martha stewart , oprah , and your wife . you got ta fuck one , kill one , and marry one , who do you pick ? ''
1 how from playing call of duty modern warfare 2 before its release date ? holy shit my xbox got banned ! o_o ,
1 guitar hero world tour - band kit -lrb- xbox 360 -rrb- for $ 79 deals
1 google wave at me ! i 'm on h2thep -lrb- something went wrong with my usual name : - -lrb-
1 oh no the twins red suits : s never gon na be able to watch that britney spears video again . thank god rachel got through .
1 and fyi - anderson cooper i do n't love you anymore since you allowed that fool air his nonsense on your show last night . your gay lover can have you !
1 key has been listening to justin bieber 's songs recently . divafacts
1 mm britney spears - toxic that 's my song real talk
1 no hand of god now : maradona ' is argentina would be better off without him : the canadian press paris -- one st. .
1 wonder if common gets put in a headlock by serena williams when she busts him masturbating and asks '' why you wasting sperm bitch ? ''
1 i fall in love with taylorswift more and more :'-rrb- you 're the best !
1 hey , little monsters , what did you think of lady gaga show ? - san jose mercury news .
1 some interesting feedback on the kindle in a class context :
1 '' its only a matter of time before someone sues al gore for inventing the internet . '' i like that quote , though i fear it may one day be true
1 they have rock band for the pod !!! it 's exactly like the xbox game . .
1 president barack obama supports bill thompson for mayor statement from bill thompson : `` i am grateful and ...
1 britney spears ' s single 3 reaches no 1 in the us | celebrity news ... : singer $t$ is happy her fa . .
1 watching some britney spears special . boring
1 do n't disrespect the thing rt nieka_greataz : booooooooort buzzedapromoter : lakers $t$ $t$ $t$ -lrb- continued -rrb- .
1 is britney spears planning a mexican wedding ? : pop princess $t$ is causing rumors to emerge that she . .
1 i really really really hate when the kindle edition costs considerably more -lrb- 19 % ! -rrb- than the bound book , even before shipping .
1 charlie sheen tries to take two and half men fight -lrb- even more -rrb- public .
1 lindsay lohan is leaving the acting career to take up fashion !! no !! i love her movies !! herbie was so cool !!
1 jimmy carter says that certain people who oppose obama do it because of racism . maureen dowd , columnist for the ...
1 really not sure i like the richard gere hilary swank love affair thing .
1 well , i 'm getting forced into bed since i have a fucking english exam tomorrow . at least i have my ipod .
1 123 , you got ta love britney spears . she 's back !!!!
1 open question : anyone think micheal jackson skit reflected us racism back to them then blamed us for not knowing . .
1 if its bitter at the start then its sweeter in the end :-rrb- madonna
1 madonna is an idiot and way past her material girl phase . she is annoying and all her songs sound the same . just not cool anymore . give up !
1 i love harry potter , but i agree with anderson . feminism is not a leading theme ... .
1 wii : vitality sensor not just a pulse meter . something fun will appear . will be a main topic . ca n't talk depth about it
1 obama deserves nobel peace prize : carter : former us president jimmy carter says president barack obama deserves . .
1 pwahaha bug-eyed man screaming '' homosexuality is not okay ! i do n't care what oprah winfrey say ! '' on a chair . derrenbrown
1 quote : '' i would really like to be a legend like madonna . when she 's performing , the audience is just in awe of her . '' -
1 where do celebs like britney spears get their costumes for music video
1 xbox live : mr kami is currently online . joinable - playing call of duty 4 . playing domination on ambush . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 but we need to do something about this global warming -lrb- tm -rrb- before i freeze to death . quick ! give more money to that corrupt pos al gore !
1 downloading kubuntu 9.10 for no apparent reason . i 'm most likely to laugh in its face , and install windows 7 instead . windows7 ftw
1 mac check this out its a britney spears mix you will love it i promise
1 - real max with lainetan . i 'm inlove with max already =-rrb- next flick : harry potter !!!
1 speaking about how much i hate the devil ... barack obama
1 these tweets about lady gaga remind me that i dreamt of her ... i saw a concert of her with the modern family people and then we were friends xd
1 what is the recommended jailbreak software for an iphone software version 3.0.1 ?
1 monster hunter freedom unite usa demo psp bahamutwwwtorrentsforall ...
1 the appeaser is doing it again ! : this guy in the white house is no leader . i seriously doubt barack obama is bl . .
1 guess i 'll just sit here and listen 2 my ipod until my mom decidez 2 get the hell off the cpu .
1 diego maradona denies that he 's a quitter
1 piggy palace : lindsay lohan wishes dad would `` shut up '' ! - testcountry.com : quick . .
1 closing oprah 's closet doors : the oprah winfrey show wo n't be the only oprah enterprise vanishing at the end of may : ... .
1 yes !!!!!!!! i wish you could see my '' cranking face '' right now ... my ipod is doing the most ! everyone falls in love sumtime is on !
1 textsthatgetnoreply imma shave my head like britney spears if you keep ignoring me . . -lrb- didnt really happen , lol -rrb-
1 paul krugman : politics of spite dreadful - there was what president barack obama likes to call a teachable moment l ...
1 kings take on hated lakers in just 10 minutes ! head over to kings.com and joining the live blog ! kingsfans herewerise
1 in from rangers ... shattered gon na download some stuff to my ipod and then go to sleep . might play the poems - send me to sleep ? no probs not
1 watching harry potter on an amazing fall day =-rrb- perfecttttt
1 arrogant * and he 's just like a mixed version of micheal jackson and madonna .
1 motherjones : libya : obama crafts the anti-bush doctrine . multilateral , humanitarian ends : the un-cowboy approach joenbc
1 listening to britney spears , her music puts me in a good mood .
1 xbox 360 for $ 199 and receive a $ 100 gift card from walmart . rumor is it happens this saturday ...
1 www . lazykondemand . com droptopslim crazydemi6 kaelee_conway kinghasani1 cousija lakers flaggemdown rheakpaka
1 nm_journal apple survey - are apple products any good ? ipad sucks ? apple .
1 overall i like windows 7 , but its not a whole lot different than vista
1 '' are we really supposed to believe britney spears is a virgin ? why exactly are we supposed to care ? '' hahaha , oh ano de 2001 ... -lrb- sfu < 3 x2 -rrb-
1 astaro_repost rt astaro bot jaybranch iphone does support vpn if you do n't want to go poking holes in your net . .
1 libya questions swirl as obama comes home : by alan silverleib , cnn washington -lrb- cnn -rrb- -- president barack obama is ... .
1 love cobra starship . 2 days until bday.im turning 12 lol . listening to 3 by britney spears . yo this is a awesome song . ...
1 rt mm iphone application approval : 1 . if the application floats it 's a witch . kill it ; 2 . if the application sinks it 's not a witch . kill it ; 3 . tits are fine .
1 lindsay lohan ' s love shot down !
1 okay xxl.com - rap fucking iphone auto spell , i meant watched porn after xxl mag ... not xxx ... ugh
1 anaraaaaaaaaaaaaa lol hhehehe remember you can do anything in this world !! love you lots i miss micheal jackson !
1 lady gag was awesome on snl she looks much better in long hair i also luved the madonna lady gag skit ! so funny lol
1 rt if you hate twilight , harry potter & narnia xd
1 that awkward moment when u tell ellen that justin bieber is like your little brother in 2010 then a year later he suddenly is your boyfriend .
1 us meat packers snub canadian livestock the day after us president barack obama visited ottawa and talked about `` growing trade '' with canada
1 wow i made it home in time for jeopardy and hillary clinton is asking all the ques ina column called secretary of state !
1 rt alvinthlang hellaspunky f you ! < - lol there goes one of my many lakers haters , your queens are going down tonight , kay , thanksbye !
1 love reallamarodom and the lakers ... .
1 amazing seo software gets your small-business websites indexed in google in just minutes . $ 1 trial offer : . ^ a
1 we 're at chapter 14 in harry potter 1 . and i really feel like the kids should have gone to dumbledore sooner !! yikes ! . .
1 my 3 year daughter said '' i love micheal jackson but why does he look like a cat ? '' i said who told you that she said '' i have eyes mommy ' lol .
1 new 27inch-imac has a huge screen . . and new magicmouse is pretty nice ... . i switched to windows 7 ...
1 one two three , i like two weiners in me -- devon uy after hearing britney spears latest chart topping hit .
1 nothing about you is typical nothing about you is predictable you got me all twisted and confused : unusual you - britney spears
1 i love that movie ! watching the parent trap ... dead ass lindsay lohan ' s best role . . i thought she was gon na be the shit
1 cho chang + harry potter = love at first sight < 333
1 bull shit ! i just saw you sign on to xbox live !
1 speaking of tight security i flew in to frank pais international in holguin , cuba . wow . they asked if we liked jimmy carter .
1 john boehner is a lot like my ex-girlfriend . always drunk , crying , complaining about us not having money , probably gives terrible blowjobs .
1 lol at you thinking nick jonas cares if you like his new haircut or not .
1 jimmy carter , yasser arafat , al gore all were awarded the nobel peace prize . obama should feel right at home .
1 finally finished reading the harry potter series . what a ride ! was a wee bit disappointed that big bad v was defeated by a technicality ...
1 sarah palin is more concerned with herself and money than with the american people , she cant win in 2012
1 i love michael jackson because he 's a legend , barack obama because he 's inspirational , and my mom because she'a a celeb to me .
1 socialitelife.com britney spears hits number one with ' 3 ' : this somber expression on britn . .
1 judge warns lindsay lohan next probation violation means jail .
1 beyonce & shakira in the beautiful liar video are just ridiculous . . no need to be that hot !
1 once again , congratulations to britney spears for her brand new smash-hit single , '' 3 '' debuting at 1 ! off to sleep , sweet dreams ! xoxo
1 ha nicolas cage , ca n't do an italian accent , but man , he 's not a bad singer ... ha
1 the sound button on windows 7 is sooo much like a macs -lrb- as well as everything else -rrb- but sadly does n't make that awesome/annoying noise
1 good morning . the temp has dropped and it 's cold again . damn you al gore for creating global warming . breakfast , rehearsal , and a cold hike .
1 cigar mr president ? cuba 's fidel castro hails barack obama ' is nobel peace prize - telegraph
1 hehehehe sky news reporter asks if obama got the nobel peace prize for making peace with hillary clinton .
1 hey fug hilary swank pilot movie , quit using the '' out of africa '' themesong . that 's only for attractive people .
1 my psp memory stick spoilt out of a sudden ! why is it that everything spoilt so easily on my hands !! * frustrated *
1 barack obama represents hope to the world that we can once again become a nation of enlightenment , working for peace .
1 you make me feel like want to throw my psp away and buy a nds xddd * runs *
1 might as well root for the texans ... i mean they are a team in texas ! - well root for tsu , george bush and david coresh -
1 my mom just said that lindsay lohan does everything right ... i love the irony
1 . jowyang agree - google wave for backchannel / liveblog summary of conferences is good idea , much better than twitter channel pollution .
1 '' madonna makes things happen . put $t$ up against any 23-year-old , she 'll outwork them , outdance them and outperform them . '' guy rictche
1 tts catch-up : whoa hillary clinton what the hell i was not expecting a real clip of you .
1 www.nobama.com blog ginny on obamacare makes me sick : when stupid jimmy carter was '' president . .
1 michelle obama begs oprah winfrey ! michelle obama wants oprah to support barack ! .
1 xbox games : classic game room hd -- fallout 3 for playstation 3 part 2 | $t$ ...
1 played a song i do n't need no bitch -lrb- feat . devin the dude and kobe honeycutt -rrb- by snoop dogg on myspace .
1 stranding at the checkout line ... wow that picture of lindsay lohan looks really bad . what happened to that poor girl ?!
1 i love britney spears ' s new song . its really cool : -rrb-
1 th committee praises hm ' 4 headshot extraordinary efforts 2 strengthen int ' l diplomacy & cooperation ' - is this an implied criticism of george bush ?
1 playing paperboy on my psp . hopefully my fellow nes fanboys -lrb- & fangals -rrb- remember this classic . hope it comes to wii virtual console soon ...
1 the liars get away with the lying . barry bonds , scooter libby , karl rove , martha stewart never convicted of their real crimes , only madoff .
1 watching freaky friday . i miss the old lindsay lohan .
1 sarah palin is popular with a lot of americans truthsleftieshate
1 no government can love a child , and no policy can substitute for a family ` s care . - hillary clinton
1 riiiggghhht here rt bigjamaal lakers where y' all at ?
1 omg . the interview made me fall in love with gaga more than i already am in love .
1 starting barack obama ' is book , dreams from my father . expectation of an interesting read is high - let 's hope it delivers ...
1 18-20minutes from now i will enjoy them along with some crispy fries while watching my awesome new madonna video collection all 47 of ' them baby
1 wow that stupid song lady gaga ha '' alehandro '' sounds exactly like ace of base . . do n't turn around . . $t$ sucks
1 i really like windows 7 !
1 damn thats some bullshit ... i had a blackberry for like a year and but i just got the iphone and that shit is sweet
1 ha , i love comment 587 on issue 9 : . google go issue9
1 perez hilton >> nicolas cage is selling another castle ! : maybe he should be a real estate . .
1 already love my new ipod . got awesome features and i have all my music synced . thanks monique !
1 where the f is my 3rd wii mote ? i 'm sure it 's in the house by i play the $t$ so infrequently & by myself that i never noticed it was missing
1 am happy the committee dint bestow the award on george bush !! ... though u never know what went backstage ; -rrb-
1 kitkat kool 'n mom dukes crib , watch 'n penis tracy on the mac , my manz al pacino was that dude in this and madonna was bad as hell , still is
1 grassroots to strike gold : the backing of the world 's top players - most notably tiger woods , of course - has b . .
1 help 3 to gain spins on mediabase . vote britney spears on mediabase , television , radio stations and more . .
1 damn you bill gates we 'll be talking soon !
1 why are you doing this to me twins ?! britney spears '' oops i did it again '' stuck in my head . sensing a terrible headache on its way !
1 rt maxiejnkdh : amazing lady gaga pictures . please rt : xvaangel apple_victor yeyitacool girliemayjones quelwilson
1 ha no way . i 've seen britney spears . she 's way better than snakes !
1 okay at the bank and some people in front of me have a kid in the front seat britney spears style . they r mexican not white . ikr . surprise . lol
1 spotligh was lindsay lohan ' s ungaro collection really as bad as everyone said - josh ... - slate : was l . .
1 oh lindsay lohan . i could listen to confessions of a broken heart over and over . such a good song . and i can relate to it so much
1 support support britney spears sbs , add a twibbon to your avatar now ! -
1 man last night was lame stayed home and text the hold tyme playing the psp
1 3-year-old whining more than speaker john boehner why ? he wants to be governor of new jersey , raise taxes and no ... .
1 if it 's good enough for jimmy carter , it 's good enough for me .
1 madonna was * terrible * . i thought scarjo was funny though . i thought the norwegian cop thing was typically of snl too long .
1 woohoo woohoo tom welling is trending ! and yay he 's gon na be on jimmy fallon 2nite !! < 3 itsasmallvillething : -rrb-
1 pres . barack obama is dropping in the approval polls faster than ive ever seen -lrb- i check daily -rrb- he is definitely a 1 term president p2 tcot
1 now why would i ever stop doing this . . -lrb- mc hammer voice -rrb- look at my eyes maaaan ... ca n't touch this
1 i definitely do n't think any phone 'll be an '' iphone killer '' , just that android 's comparative openness will help droid be a success .
1 revising a review while enjoying vice city stories on my psp go while playing the role of receptionist .
1 glorybemagazine ipad , pod and phone users ! that 's why apple sucks . none of their devices run flash : -lrb-
1 waveboard for google wave is pretty awesome . fb
1 taylor swift -lrb- 9 -rrb- & selena gomez -lrb- 19 -rrb- & demi lovato -lrb- 10 -rrb- & miley cyrus -lrb- 13 -rrb- come on , comment please .
1 charlie sheen hired a hot chick to proofread his tweets ! : charliesheen - another steno-graphic moment with wend ... .
1 congress wants to cut off funding for us operations in libya since obama never got approval for the war ! somn shout aaalllelu-alleluyah !!
1 oh my bieber i love $t$ so so much ! i wish i had the chance to meet him oh well neversaynever right justin i will one day i hope .
1 the reason i do n't like sarah palin ' s rise : she wants to be heard & respected , but wont put in the work !
1 tiger woods is the first billionaire sports star : forbes , the magazine of choice for those who like to weigh th . .
1 google wave is really silly when you have no invites and like 3 people to talk to lol .
1 chiagarcia yeah but at least when lady gaga comes out with something new its amazing and original not like bep who has to use old classics
1 britney spears vs . lady gag - circus face
1 i love my english by google tradutor yeah s2
1 pretty bitch swag . spoiled and pretty feeling like paris hilton . winning like charlie sheen . you losing , feeling like yourself . lmaoooo
1 looking forward to playing wii fit tonight ! i have to trick myself into exercising by playing video games .
1 just met a professional golfer that play with tiger woods dude real cool
1 madonna feat little wayne ??
1 just finished her gay ass four page paper on paris hilton and lindsay lohan .
1 i 'm so proud of britney spears ! first artist whose single debuted at number 1 in 3 years !!!
1 -lsb- bbc -rsb- us senate panel to vote on healthcare : president barack obama ' is push for us healthcare reform heads for a . .
1 i bet its going to be a hot tedious day today . i need to fix my ipod .
1 lol -lrb- on obama 's nobel peace prize -rrb- as a friend said , it was for saving the world from sarah palin
1 getting better :-rrb- omg i love the song from britney spears ' s old pepsi commercial ha
1 you need a picture of you and rodzilla . . dennis rodman is a legend on like 20 dif levels . ball , tats , madonna . .
1 lindsay lohan mistakes cake for giant bottle of perfume , hilarity ensues via addthis
1 fuck you internet explorer . bill gates is the devil
1 ellen degeneres : ' lady gag blew the lid off my studio ' : gag chats with ellen and performs her new '' born this with ... .
1 lindsay lohan must hate herself : samantha ronson has more followers on twitter . you know you 've hit rock bottom when ...
1 took the '' what disney star are you most like ? '' quiz & got : britney spears ! what 'll you get ? ➤
1 townhall - the damning contradictions of obama 's attack on libya . via townhallcom
1 congratulations to president barack obama ' is nobel peace prize recognition and award . well deserving !!!
1 i 'd love to be playing catan on my iphone right now but then i 'd have to stop listening to podcasts . grr
1 ha wow i am a such a harry potter nerd ... lol . it 's professor mcgonnagal 's birthday today well accroding to mugglenet . i am not ashamed ha
1 i 'm tired of hearing about selena gomez . it was better when she wasnt being such a big fame whore .
1 im sooo depressed well not really i just ca n't find my ipod anywhere !!! and i looked everywhere !!!!!!!!!! im about to cry = ' -lsb-
1 nothing like old britney spears music to pump up friday in the generate office : -rrb-
1 leaving listening to britney spears 3 ♥ * -- * , good evening everyone , until tomorrow , kisses ... bye bye , xoxo ; d
1 looks like dave matthews is in town , hope he does n't dump his shit in the chicago river again ... it 's already nasty enough .
1 while i am thinking about it . . would anyone like to buy a psp ? oh you would ? great !
1 my mouth has n't closed since the pa child care . i need to watch the jimmy carter special report again .
1 jodywatley for all the lakers haters . .
1 and they were tryna kill us all and everyone was like shit run ! then it went normal again : l and nick jonas was sitting on a chair all sad
1 i just found out na si mandy moore pala si rapunzel sa tangled . > : -rrb-
1 : o i 'm in an area that looks like the harry potter shopping place . aha . i 'd take a picture but i 'm in the ghetto .
1 i know its probably moot but i feel bad for lindsay lohan , many may not agree but i think she just needs a friend .
1 jill biden : kim kardashian dissed by second lady jill biden ! : jill biden hates $t$ ! sources say ... .
1 13 . '' somebody to love '' by justin bieber is my favorite song by him
1 dead prez `` hip hop '' `` ipod reviews guide
1 nowplaying what goes around comes around by justin timberlake
1 lol . . they be following too . . talking about '' see britney spears suck a cock '' lmao !
1 i 'd forgotten how beautiful & magical the first harry potter movie was . recapturing it with zoe now .
1 omg , the horror of the intense nicolas cage face !!! lmao ...
1 letterman apologizes to his wife ... and sarah palin - $t$ , i 'm terribly , terribly sorry . so there we g ...
1 talk about being a hypocrite . . 3 years ago john mccain offered military aid to ghaddafy-last week he offered rebels aid . . .
1 dun get me wrong , i love mandy moore n all but for once , i think she 's a good actor -lrb- when the voice is doing all the work -rrb- tangled
1 itunesuconf2010 great thinking to have 4 hour gap between picking up ipad and dinner - means we 'll have stopped fiddling with them by then !
1 listening to firework by katy perry on grooveshark : nowplaying fb .
1 google trnslate is fucking failed !!
1 charlie sheen is not crazy . that man know what he doing . hell
1 health health2go hilary swank : i let boyfriend 's son see me nude : the actress 's admission in . .
1 '' let your light shine . be a source of strength and courage . share your wisdom . radiate love . '' - miley cyrus
1 this amelia movie could have been so good ... but hilary swank = not a good fit . also , she 's ugly as ass .
1 windows 7 sales and revenue look good in first week : well , the numbers for week 1 are in , and they look good . .
1 design / '' innovation has nothing to do with how many r&d dollars you have '' steve jobs / indeed - sometimes you just need a good idea ...
1 the bad lieutenant : port of call new orleans : nicolas cage plays a rogue detective who is as devoted to his job . .
1 is kim kardashian really moving to nyc and marrying kris humphries ? : $t$ has been spending an awful l ... .
1 airport . . :-lrb- by nick jonas . i love you
1 xbox live : am are and o t z is currently online . joinable - playing boyfriend : bad company . ranked gold rush : deconstruction . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 it was an awesome party . i really think blurenee had a great birthday . mark my words , i 'm marrying that bitch . i do n't buy wii ' is for hoes
1 rt : phillyd they finally added dissidia to the playstation store wooo . stupid psp go
1 -lsb- politics -rsb- usa president barack obama has been given nobel prize for peace for his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomac
1 prime jack nicklaus sinks 30-foot putt on third playoff hole to beat prime tiger woods in masters playoff . imaginarygames
1 that new south park is meeeeeeeessed up ! '' little miss micheal jackson ''
1 went running earlier and my ipod quit less than 5 minutes into it . that was the most boring run ever .
1 britney breaks billboard record ! britney spears single '' 3 '' debuts on 1 in billboard hot 100 ! i knew it , i knew it ! awesome song -lrb- :
1 amazing scene : derrick barry -lrb- britney spears -rrb- - america 's got talent
1 obama speaks to doctors on reform - us president barack obama speaks to a group of doctors at the white house , as p ...
1 best harry potter moment ever was when that nosy fleabag journalist got caught in that jar < - no argument
1 believe it or not , google wave has already proven to be sort of useful between team members
1 ooc : i keep expecting him to tap me on the should like '' harry potter ... prepare to dieeee ''
1 sen. john mccain demurred once again when asked to divine the kind of candidate for president sarah palin , could be in 2012 .
1 your dad has good taste ! my dad did exactly the same thing when he tried the wii . : -rrb-
1 ... if youve ever been to heaven , this is twice as nice ... < - love britney spears : p
1 debateing getting persona 4 or persona psp ... is the one on $t$ like the persona 4 ? cus 4 looks like fun .
1 new post on gossip queen : britney spears mit fieser cellulite und superkurzen shorts ! - - to.de / 7523 /
1 most of them sound like harry potter spells too me : p
1 breeloveskle i rock with the lakers all day everyday !!!
1 : im in total envy of you . i want it to be harry potter day at north . but no , we didnt have a classy homecoming theme like you all .
1 finally rehack my psp . just had to lose ability to go online . and remote play . sigh
1 friend : '' how old is justin bieber ? '' me : * 2 hours later * '' ... and that is why he is claustrophobic ! '' itsabelieberthing
1 3 by britney spears . awesome song ... but what is she saying ?
1 ahahahah crazy ginger . lindsay lohan avoids jail ; probation extended another year
1 what does this have to do with the pitiful performance of your hero george bush ?
1 britney spears : its britney , bitch the princess of pop is back - entertainment weekly .
1 lindsay lohan news $t$ is above the law : in july of 2007 , $t$ was charged . .
1 i was just watching a video whee a guy was smashing his ipod nano 4thgen with a hammer . he could n't do it at first , but managed to smash it .
1 well my real name is brittani , and when i was in second grade my friends would call me britney spears . i find it offending .
1 yo it would be fucked up if obama when back in the white house and ashton kutcher and osama came out like '' you '' have just been punk 'd bitch !! ''
1 my favorite singer -lrb- britney spears -rrb- ' s single '' 3 '' hits number one of itunes chart . i 'm glad to hear that . love , love her so much .
1 what do mac have against hyphens ? did one abuse steve jobs as a child
1 barack obama acting as hugo cavez trying to quieting the media that exposes his bad policies & asked the tough questions !
1 watched harry potter . scared the fuck out me . damn you , snakes . lol
1 i 'm actually reading makers -lrb- ! -rrb- it 's pretty good but i need a kindle .
1 review : dj hero -lrb- box 360 , ps3 , wii -rrb- -- wingdamage.com
1 aww lindsay lohan ' s the is n't even classy enough for oprah ?!?
1 britney spears is an anagram for presbyterians . ca n't tell if this is god 's sense of humor or evidence of the fall .
1 britney spears wan na go * -- * britneyspears amazing !!!
1 xbox live : oo zylon oo is currently online . playing call of duty 4 . playing search and destroy on crossfire . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 found a good article on aarp web site about steve jobs and life long learning :
1 soundsickness : selena gomez laughs off calling justin bieber her ' little brother ' . .
1 i mean , selena 's cool and all , but i think katy perry should win best female singer .
1 attention rest of the world : we get it . you did n't like bush . you can stop giving barack obama awards for no reason now .
1 and as bad as i wan na do a 4 year im really thinking to just take me some psp classes at a community college
1 off top ! lmao sum like that . . but i got some micheal jackson for his sucka ass . . lol we are banging dow foe my thang . .
1 harry potter 7 in max was flipping awesome !
1 mandy moore raises awareness for world malaria day : doing their part to help to raise aware ... . .
1 lakers win kilobite with 7 points . time to get faded fuck with me at pat o 's 3peat
1 time for saleh to go ? : nowhere has the obama administration been more reluctant to embrace the revolutions sweep ... .
1 every girl deserves the romance described in taylor swift 's songs .
1 i doubt i 'm famous enough for this to work , but does anyone have a google wave invite they would n't mind parting with ?
1 madonna is amazing guys ! revolver
1 kidnap checklist : black gloves , duct tape , black hood , water , cup cakes , sarah palin mask , video camera lol we 're nearby ! lol
1 der_vt only goes on her computer like once or twice a day . we are trying to convince her to get an iphone like us !!
1 fstop23 i hate my iphone-i realized this . do i down grade phone and buy ipad or buy new phone ? hnmmm
1 so jealous of the martha stewart audience today !! a dremel and a couple hundred dollars worth of $t$ brand gear , gahhh
1 lawmakers , executives slam obama for boosting brazil 's offshore drilling - foxnews.com >> > . >> > oilandgas drillnow
1 bieber teambieber justin bieber pranks willow smith on stage | disney dreaming : $t$ too ... . bieberfever
1 grown accustomed 2 onewildeknight 's charmingly esoteric customs . i wear her marks . he has corseted madonna & fergy . transtuesday
1 i like the click effect on the windows 7 task bar that looks exactly like the effect caused by jamming your thumb into an lcd display ...
1 lmao stfu ! i 'm done though blood ! lol rt afraaadisiac : fuck you rt kwaneequa : fuck the lakers ! just thought i should add that !
1 i so need to hear britney spears right now ... i am feeling tick because i want to hear it so bad
1 nicolas cage sues former business manager for financial ruin
1 the problem with harry potter | arts diary
1 haanasnow no . google translate would fuck it up . xdd
1 congratulations b , you deserve this and much more !!!! britney spears 4ever !!!!!!!!!
1 quinnipiac univ national poll : american voters oppose 47 - 40 percent president barack obama ' is health care reform plan
1 nicolas cage getting cast in a voice role is the oddest thing ever to me ... why would anyone want a voice that ... '' unique '' in a cgi film ?
1 nicolas cage gets freaky in bad lieutenant exclusive clip
1 is pretty high now after finishing 2 bottles of wine.im talking shizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz . and britney spears sounds awesome
1 nicholas cage hates uncle sam : the irs has placed a tax lien on nicolas cage ' s real estate holdings ... .
1 robert pattinson to play prince harry ? : the twilight star will apparently battle it out with harry potter man r . .
1 ain nobody think about no damn kim kardashian lol least i ain stunt that ass
1 anyone who hasnt seen the perez hilton and cher lloyd interview watch it ! its hilarious , ive seen it about 4 times and it never gets old < 3
1 ew ! gag - no way is like the exact same as quicksand - britney spears : s ?
1 yo anthony saw you on jimmy fallon have always thought you were great huge fan hope this helps you win brother
1 is lindsey graham looking more and more like a rino ? what do you think ? sen john mccain in az looks like one too ! could they be family ?
1 today i officially love my ipad .
1 a sky news reporter asks if obama got the nobel price for making peace with hillary clinton ... i think that even this he do n't deserve
1 operation flashpoint 2 : dragon rising -lrb- xbox 360 -rrb- - operation flashpoint 2 will mark the long-awaited return of the t ...
1 sister madonna buder made the time cut on the swim ironman . she 's 79yrs old and on the bike-she 's finished 36 roman -lrb- via roadbikeaction -rrb-
1 are you on google wave ? i 'd love an invite ! please !
1 rt xgagamazingx : wishes lady gaga and adam lambert would do a song : -rrb-
1 favorite juan quote ever : '' you know sometimes it sounds like a church in here ... '' - everyone pauses and hears madonna singing next door -
1 can i dress up as lindsay lohan for halloween ? how cool would that be ? a 26 inch weave , black leather jacket , black leggings & a fake cigarette .
1 fuck yeah i love lindsay lohan
1 6 : wii rock band 2 standalone guitar
1 i am on google wave . i am so much better than you .
1 everybody hates selena gomez , and guess why so much hate , nobody wants a fame whore !!
1 i bought the cutest iphone case from lucky brand :-rrb- it has a peace sign on it !!
1 snort ! it 's too bad they already announced herta müller for the literature prize ... i was going to suggest sarah palin .
1 about to go get my tiger woods on real quick . this should be interesting since i haven played in a while .
1 donald trump sounds like a complete jacka $ $ on anderson cooper . this mofo bet not run for office !!!
1 '' it does n't matter who you are , where you come from . the ability to triumph begins with you . always . '' - oprah winfrey
1 presidents cup : tiger woods exacts some revenge in clinching win
1 omg google sure loves kiseung !! : -rrb-
1 oh and i hate britney spears .
1 who knew mandy moore could calm my heart this well ? anxious nervous
1 was sensational ! this program certainly the best of the best madonna is wonderful , fuck mother fucker . it ´ s cool ! very cool ! yeah
1 i love your songs , your video with madonna is also very funny .
1 she got that good good , she micheal jackson bad , im attracted to her , with her attractive ass ... oooo that is the song man !
1 installed windows 7 on my tp ... running smooth so far ... pretty impressed with a microsoft product after a long time !!
1 rzen i actually really love the new twitter design ... i really '' got '' it when veronica mentioned it as a replacement for google reader
1 thank you , but i already have a stand alone charger for it , but i have n't used it because it does n't say ' made for ipod ' on the box .
1 oh , and i heard it 's supposed to rain tomorrow . freaking ' george bush . he ruins everything , including letterman 's marriage
1 i take my kindle to anywhere i go . no need for any bag . i just hold it in my hand . great against a black jacket .
1 my friend has that phone & kindle ... if i could win level26 give away . . boy ! i would show her !!!!
1 psyching out google wave ; wolfram | alpha offers homework help
1 hilary swank ' s hair on the cover of marie claire is seriously making me want to go light .
1 i love britney spears with every fiber of my being : -rrb-
1 lmao ! only fangas that have brains of their own would know what sarah palin first cousin looking like
1 will nancy pelosi save john boehner and barack obama ? : by brent budowsky - 04/13/11 10:28 am et before the roost ... .
1 could anyone tell me ... why the fuck my google is n't registering my password ?!
1 rt craigdfreeman an incredible range when listed like this : ' an amazing list of all the google products and how ... . .
1 justice ! lindsay lohan thinks she can just skip her probation classes , well guess what , judge extended it 1 more year -
1 fuckn bitch !!! little shits !!! why do these damn porn things keep following me !!! i dnt wan na see britney spears suck penis !!!
1 lindsay lohan - 23 years old , looks like 53 . drugs + booze + the horrible horrible fish lips = sad
1 i just took '' you 're pete wentz ' daughter and your married to justin bieber . he 's abus ... '' and got : part 12 ^_^ ! try it : .
1 back from an ace event bideawee where hilary swank teamed up with iams home 4 the holidays adoption campaign . awesome people & big hearts !
1 i know it is fashionable to hate on lindsay lohan , but i think some of the ungaro collection is nice & indeed , wearable , pasties aside
1 halloween im dressing up as a circus lady . similar to what britney spears is wearing in her video clip , cirus ' im sure no1 though of tht1 : d
1 windows 7 shows progress bars in the task bar ! how cool is that ? now i do n't have to keep little download/upload windows in the corner .
1 rt myfavgreen : btmsykes that 's great bishop . is this sent from the pad ? i 'm loving it . | co has the ipad playing scrabble . go figure ! ha !
1 monster - britney spears ♫ ♪ ♫
1 that awkward moment taylor swift keeps trying to follow you on twitter .
1 ' nancy , is john boehner hard to manage ? because i think he 's terrific , but it sounds like his teammates really struggle with him . '
1 ha sure enoff ! you will have 2 help me get scooter to follow me :-rrb- if you dnt mind helping omg britney spears is following me x
1 belichick looks to shake josh daniels hand , and he walks away and immaturely and poorly imitates a tiger woods fistpump ... what a jerk off
1 to damn britney spears ... ... ... ... ... ... ... haueoeuhoaeuhaeouhehaiuehaoieaae
1 gears of war 2 . i miss my xbox live account . i 'd be ripping balls right now . modern warfare two is almost out .
1 i had so much candy on halloween that i went on my wii fit and it said '' damn you gained 4.2 pounds '' just kidding it did not say damn
1 i hate the wsj subscriber firewall . good thing google finds sites with the story info for free ! freenet
1 do n't you love it when you get that '' you have a new follower '' pop-up ? then you realize it 's that britney spears sucking a penis ... assholes
1 please we want britney spears 3 britneyspears3
1 did you tell britney spears giving head to follow me ? i know i 'm no cherise , but you don got ta treat me like that man !
1 watching jimmy carter speak about dedication to habitat_org and '' if i had a hammer '' - not the best pres . , but an inspiring man and example .
1 the difference between justin bieber and aaron carter . everybody loved aaron . nobody likes justin .
1 britney spears 3 is fabulous ha
1 new super mario brothers . wii to be '' hardest in the series '' : the all famous nintendo power ma . .
1 madonna ' is song ' revolver ' is one of the greatest in 2009 ! -lrb- just like drake 's forever and some other ... -rrb-
1 i installed windows 7 on my system , and guess what ? user unfriendly , so i went back to good old xp . win7
1 this is the 2nd time i 've tweeted this but nicki minaj 's super bass is awesome x1000 .
1 top 3 weekly lastfm artists : janet jackson - 64 . britney spears - 26 . paloma faith - 12 .
1 now there 's a surprise ! windows 7 sales exceed vista sales by 234 % ! -
1 hey i 'm justin bieber :-rrb- i love indonesia because there are jupe and depe :d eyaaaeyaaa
1 i 'm sooooooooooo bored . one has had ones ipod taken away :--lrb- good bye my lover , good bye my friend !
1 congress & barack obama wasting the labors of the people under the pretense of taking care of them . teaparty express tcot hcr p2 fail
1 i love human power ... but , why did google bet $ 1 million on shweeb ? - .
1 ryan seacrest asking pia to turn around so people can admire her ass on american idol . '' it 's important to admire the couture '' he '' jokes '' sad
1 lady gaga continues chart reign with '' born this way '' , spending sixth week at 1 - . via gaganewsdotcom lauralyne
1 not saying that shes better than little kim or lady gaga ... but shes dope . i love dressing up and expressing myself through clothes and if i was in
1 today was a suck , i had to clean my house ... i used to listen to avril lavigne , mcfly and britney spears ! emilycelia i love you !!
1 cnet uk rates iphone worst phone in the world :
1 and i once won a speech contest arguing that george bush was the best option for moderate america . i can argue for anything .
1 isaiah is crazy over call of duty . he has the versions for the xbox 360 and the ds
1 the next person that follows me or sends me a message with porn using britney spears name , i will report you and rally hard against this .
1 i think hell has frozen over ... i 've installed windows 7 ... ku0dm
1 jamming to 3 by britney spears , her concert was amazing this year !!!
1 the left 4 dead 2 demo is now available to all xbox live gold members . good times thus far .
1 otm harry potter and the deathly hallow with p4lloverz tasyasalsabila mayrawidjaya . marshhha sarahlewhilia and back marni
1 said obama , '' circle , circle , dot ... dammit , why wo n't you just tell me ? okay , fine , invade libya , now tell me -- and no crosses count ! ''
1 going back and forth from late night with jimmy fallon to fever pitch with $t$ . i feel like heathaaa_m
1 i once had a 4 monitor setup with a portable dvd player and my psp and ds , you have much to learn .
1 when the sex bomb i be going in the bathroom and doing the tiger woods fist pump jobwelldone
1 ... and by the way ... do n't forget ... loser john mccain has panamanian cooties . he was n't injured in ' nam ; he was disfigured by leeches .
1 i think she 's a breath of fresh air in the dance pop area . this generation needed a madonna type artist .
1 okay last time ... i 'm just proud of my first podcast !! how i went from mickey mouse club to britney spears to jesus ...
1 yay for celebs getting it easy ! a judge has extended lindsay lohan ' s probation even though she showed up late
1 joe biden is ruining days all over unh rt : realpod45 the tech place just said my laptop is completely broken ... i blame $t$
1 duo for my ipod is awesome facebook and twitter same time plus its better than tweetdeck , most of all it was free !!!!!!
1 you new hair style was a bigger scandal than when lindsay lohan did it ! , i swear !! you didnt wanted to dye your hair anymore ?
1 made me feel a little better eajosh in bed with harry potter . sounds scandalous .
1 if john boehner & harry reid can come to a budget compromise , the nfl players ' union and owners really do n't have an excuse . imjustsaying
1 britney spears is truly amazing . idc what anyone says !!
1 mac or pc ? a fortune for high-end tech of apple or yeah , i can get a pirated version that works like original windows 7 ? : p
1 diego maradona ' is argentina in danger of suffering an unthinkable end
1 its bad bad bad alllll bad :-lrb- :-lrb- this is bad real bad micheal jackson
1 liking windows 7 so far , installed today on work laptop
1 americas : president barack obama ' is push for us healthcare reform heads for a key vote in the senate .
1 ' we stopped gaddafi ' - barack obama defends action in libya , says us & allies stopped gaddafi 's deadly advance .
1 so there 's 2 of us ! lol lakers oh snap ! where 's kihei_girl my friend !
1 selena gomez is not a famewhore
1 forget the shipsbaltimore sunwas n't she merely the 12th century because equivalent of britney spears , whose romances . .
1 can anyone help me get a google wave invite ?
1 lady gaga , you are not respect the country law . bad move to ask youth in malaysia to protest for your own benefit
1 3 by britney spears lol i love that song lol
1 playing monster hunter 2nd g on my psp
1 gucciofficial when are you coming out with an ipad portfolio case ? your sleeve is great , but i need something that is also functional .
1 i hate maradona and argentina .
1 left for dead two game demo . yeah . it , is exclusive for xbox live gold . : -rrb-
1 paris hilton denies reckless driving rumors : i believed $t$ when she defended herself yesterday , and th ... .
1 ni politicians urged to ' finish journey ' : us secretary of state hillary clinton has emphasize her commitment t . .
1 fightingwords : fuck the lakers ! so when you see me let 's catch a fade !
1 justin bieber - that one that can be totally serious at times and playful the next -lrb- :
1 obama administration introduce first statement calling untop human right to combat discrimination against gays and lesbians around the world
1 np lady gaga love down
1 do demi moore and ashton kutcher 's human trafficking videos seem a little too cheerful to anyo ... . frankguillen fb
1 watched get him to the greek . just got ta say ... russell brand is very hot , has a sexy accent , and an amazing ass . that is all . good night .
1 michelle bachmann , like sarah palin , is making the gop stand up and take notice !
1 is it legal to kill an ipod ? : d
1 totally half-assed ... obama rules out land invasion to oust qaddafi as new explosions reported in tripoli - foxnews.com .
1 lindsay lohan is a genius
1 steve jobs to help disney turn stores into mini theme parks . : message rating 8 -lrb- from 10 -rrb- :
1 i 'm watching on youtube harry potter puppet pals and it 's the funnies thing ever and i mean really , funny check it out if you do n't believe me
1 george bush didnt deserve one . and clinton had some other issues . . obama is the 4th pres . to win one . so i say , good for him
1 i see you follow sarah palin and other persons of interest i follow . i believe sarah is an educated & savvy business person
1 logan is overated the britney spears of heroes , so today 's hero is ... the bear . tweet me your bear facts
1 can anyone recommend a good screen capture solution for xbox 360 & a macbook -lrb- is this even possible ? -rrb-
1 georgia rule is on television , lindsay lohan is such a slut !! and this just in . . cookie dough poptarts are reallllly good
1 that awkward moment when you 're diagnosed with bieber fever , and all the doctor can do is prescribe justin bieber music .
1 watching the film ' boys do n't cry ' it 's impressive how much they 've made hilary swank look like a boy : -rrb-
1 saw it , the only thing that was funny on the show ... nbcsandiego watch lady gag & madonna ' is '' snl '' catfight nbcsd
1 this is why we could never be :-lrb- rt cpmusicgroup fuck the lakers for winning tonight . . yes all season $t$
1 got ta admit that the justice remix of '' me against the music - britney spears '' is awesome : p
1 even joe biden is n't taking obama seriously : . - sorry but , if i know something 's putting me to sleep , i stand up .
1 whilst it would be a shame not to have messi & co in 2010 wc , it would be funny to see maradona fail & prove he 's not god to argentanians lol
1 alwayspistol williamkristol - nobody wants to here from you , tokyo rove , ck except rinos you gave us obama , now let sarah clean it up for us . .
1 i 'm laughing at the new set of pathetic mac commercials - it shows a true fear of the new and excellent windows 7 os .
1 3 - britney spears , this song is stuck in my head like crazzzzy
1 hilary swank : i let boyfriend 's son see me nude : the actress 's admission in marie claire magazine that her boyfr . .
1 that must be it . i do n't think he 's funny either . karsh : i totally do n't get russell brand 's appeal . it 's all in the accent , right ? idol
1 windows 7 is pretty impressive so far .
1 i love luna lovegood she is my favorite character in harry potter .
1 harry potter is on ... guess i 'm busy for the next 3hrs ... these movies be long as hell
1 d0ntirocc nigga fuck the bandwagon ass lakers ... fuck kobe . .
1 reading the user guide for my brand new awesome camera : canon powershot sd90 . ca n't wait to start taking new photos of 92101 .
1 i am currently 2 \ 7th of the way done with the seventh harry potter book . i consider that an accomplishment since i started last night . . : -rrb-
1 ha like when people misspell britney spears ' name when everyone knows perfectly well how to spell that famous name . annoying .
1 hah hah ... even better : now george bush is gone !
1 i do n't care how uncool it makes me , i love britney spears : -rrb-
1 lindsay lohan ' s mom dina slams michael lohan for intervention , drug abuse comments
1 i wonder if nicolas cage spends hours every night in front of a mirror making ridiculous faces les : ahhahahahahahahahahahaha !
1 polamalugirl apple survey - what is your opinion of apple products ? ipad sucks ? apple .
1 i like nickis minaj new song um moment 4 life lol its awesome shes a cool person :-rrb- but love lady gaga ha more lol :-rrb- :-rrb- chubba < 3
1 people who do n't like at least 5 britney spears songs . peoplenottotrust
1 bahaha i was gon na change my profile song to britney spears 3 but i changed it too bounce by nick j dj danger demi lovato jonasbrothers ; -rrb-
1 so he gets the nobel peace prize from europeans and it 's all like oh , la la la , george bush , u ' r a dickhead , where 's your nobel peace prize ?
1 i 'm sad because micheal jackson '' the king of pop '' is dead !! : -lrb-
1 -lrb- : oh well :d britney spears , how did chu come up wiff that ?
1 did you know katy perry is dating that obnoxious british guy from the awards shows ? officially worse than lindsay lohan hate
1 i just took '' season 1 justin bieber is your moms bestfr ... '' and got : part 13 : if i 'm a slut , then your a whore ! try it : .
1 omg my partner and i so want to become khloe kardashian . she goes to richard simmons ' exercise classes . exactly how fun would which be ?!
1 rt lakers : $t$ $t$ rick fox heading to $t$ practice : this should be a great experience for the rookies and any ... h ...
1 lmao conformity is evil infamoustrish i 'll save a spot in the '' welcome to the world of iphone '' ceremony room .
1 shit lindsay lohan looks like donatella versace
1 mtod update : free disney application for the phone and ipod touch : this is very good news for all of you d . .
1 britney spears rocks ! love her . . hate her . . say what you want about her !!
1 top 3 weekly lastfm artists : britney spears - 110 . lady gag - 45 . mariah carey - 32 .
1 rt tastemypussy who 's watching the sorry lakers play 2nite ? < -- fuck the $t$ !!! if you not a heat fan ... stabyourself in the face twice
1 watching an xbox live video about dragon age : origins dlc . the quality of art design in this game reminds me very much of too human .
1 both greenposi0n and limera1n -lrb- jailbreaking tools for ipad en phones -rrb- don have a mac version . do these devs hate apple ? : - -rrb-
1 mm i bought the new marieclaire and fell inlove w/those david yurman rings as well as the dresses n boots on hilary swank . iove fall !
1 lindsay lohan is losing her mind ... getting way too personal on twitter about her relationship , or lack thereof , with sam ron ...
1 i love you ... you understand ? i love yoy lindsay lohan i am your fan number 1 in the world !!! i love you !! answer !!! pleaseeee
1 saturday night live lampoons barack obama as a do-nothing president ! the blind starting to see the light ?
1 ima muthafuckin monsta , bullshit me ? no , my hand game like a fucking psp
1 king 's way research : libya : nato remains split as barack obama announces us would pull back ' this week ' : infight ... .
1 cleaning !! home alone dancing to britney spears '' 3 '' love it !! and love my new rapcity application for my phone
1 yeah rt octhadeps : rt dewiola : paparazzi rt octhadeps : np love lady gaga
1 my mom calls robert pattinson pretty/ugly . tonight she figured out hes in harry potter and said in this movie hes more pretty than ugly .
1 '' who the fuck are you looking for , stefani is gaga and $t$ is stefani ! '' - lady $t$
1 thirty day challenge - day twenty-three - your opinions on lady gaga i love $t$ ! she is like the being ... .
1 do n't you reckon john & edward from x factor look like draco malfoy from harry potter ? factor
1 idk . lol . it 'd be so good dude . lol . it 's in the modern warfare xbox set . and i already took it out and looked at it . lol .
1 i never liked lindsay lohan but seriously her dad should stop going 2the media & stop being a attention seeker no i no y the girl is messed up
1 sarah palin invaded my dream last night . i did n't know it was possible to walk out of your own dream until now .
1 uk poll shows 74 % think britney spears is the best mom in showbiz . what the hell , england ?
1 r belgium . beyonce was up against coldplay , britney spears and placebo
1 rt bigjamaal lakers where y' all at ? -- > * hears crickets *
1 andersoncooper i love lady gaga i 'm going to her concert in buffalo in march which seems like 4ever
1 funny ! bonk bonk bonk bonk -lrb- that 's the sound i imagine hillary clinton ' is head made banging against the wall this morning . -rrb-
1 merry christmas little iphone secret link
1 whoops forgot i don give a fuck about harry potter what the fuck am i doing
1 britney spears ' new single ' 3 ' goes straight to number 1 on us itunesglasswerk.co.uk ... celebration of the 10th . .
1 new post : fantasy by britney spears for women edp spray 1.7 oz -lrb-
1 john & edward singing britney spears on factor is the single most hilarious thing i 've ever seen . my goodness .
1 no , as a matter fo fact , i do not want to see britney spears sucking c * ck . please die now .
1 saw v , via skyplayer on xbox ... excellent invention !!!
1 new blog post : windows 7 chaos
1 grass-roots to strike gold : the backing of the world 's top players - most notably tiger woods - has been key in . .
1 chucky : what would martha stewart do ?! tiffany : $t$ can kiss my shiny plastic butt !
1 videoworldnews.nl enrique iglesias - iglesias and shakira rule billboard latin music awards : enrique iglesias and $t$ were the to ...
1 ahh , playing persona psp now that i 've already listened to the ost a dozen times beforehand feels weird
1 veamos esto cexdance how to present like steve jobs
1 60 . i think barack obama 's the best thing that 's happened to america and who ever thinks differently is a fucking tool
1 i ca n't help but get distracted by music . . right now shakira is my distraction . : -rrb-
1 sarah palin ' s 19-year-old son-in-law is about to bare all for playgirl . . does anyone find this as hilarious as i do ?
1 ashton kutcher and demi moore launch celebrity video campaign to combat sex ... : the real men do n't buy girls ca ... .
1 damn you , xbox live !!!
1 finally , windows 7 has been kicked into shape . next challenge , the pod . oh , how interesting my life is at the moment ...
1 lindsay lohan twitters about her love life
1 libya : gaddafi son of dictator may be dead and thinks in exile , says hillary clinton .
1 rt givaispaid 211yeadanamerob fuck them lakers ... hahahaha - dam giva like that ! i thought it was fakers , you sounding like ant-toe-knee-o
1 it cracks me up when people don like miley cyrus . . cause while theyre busy talking shit about her im thinking '' wow your pod fucking sucks ''
1 amira_adored marketplace application for ipad would be awesome !
1 ouvi : britney spears -- break the ice : + spears
1 i ca n't believe i 'm writing this , anderson cooper just mocked chinese govt ban on television time travel with ref to his dungeon & dragons childhood
1 that little google search bar is so great for reminding me what i last searched : dog portraits notworkrelated
1 britney spears ' face looks funny in her candie 's ad . ha
1 took the '' oh que você sabe sobre britney spears ? '' quiz & got : super fã ! what about you ? ➜
1 great mario batali event to raise money for nyc foodbank . hats off ! jimmy fallon and jon stewart missed this pi .
1 out with kennanderson55 for britney spears night ? sounds good to me : -rrb-
1 quite stupid that dslrs do n't have a square format option . and why ca n't you change fonts on the kindle ? notrocketscience
1 new on best celebrity scoop : britney spears shoots steamy video for controversial new song 3
1 whenever i read about madonna and jesus luz , i like to pretend that she 's actually dating jesus christ like some sort of family guy story : d
1 tourism up , and it 's all thanks to oprah
1 i wish she would !!! why is n't sarah palin on twitter ? she could block people who criticize her . seems perfect .
1 lindsay lohan heads for court to face the wrath of the judge
1 if sarah palin wants to ruin america i say let her ... we let obama
1 its times like these that i 'm grateful i have an ipod and a cellphone .
1 video : warlock charlie sheen locks lips with jimmy kimmel .
1 losemynumber if you think the blackberry storm is better than iphone ...
1 100factsaboutme 36 . i hate justin bieber .
1 dgicelle it is an awesome movie even for people that are n't really harry potter fans . i ca n't see why he would n't want to go .
1 everybody wants to be lady gag ... i want to be '' borderline '' madonna fresh ... damn she was fly
1 i 'm 98 % sure that my ipod touch is broken completely . but there is always that other 2 % .
1 nick cannon regrets his naked decor : at one point , $t$ thought ... : at one point , $t$ thought it ... .
1 windows 7 market share climbing fast : this is pretty impressive -- $t$ has n't been out for even 2 weeks yet and alr
1 watching harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone . ahh i love halloween and thanksgiving and christmas , all the winter -lrb- and fall -rrb- holidays . -lrb- :
1 i hope nobody inside can see that i 'm writing my developmental psych paper on harry potter . i feel like the world 's biggest tool .
1 rt lildicktracy : fuck harry potter ... . fuck myers park ... . wetheboyz
1 , the amazon kindle is a great device . since you requeste one , here is a helpful link to amazon :
1 just tried google goggles on my phone . it 's amazing technology ! we are now officially living in the future . .
1 congratulations to that nigga barack obama for his accomplishment
1 oh and chris never tweeted '' charlie sheen gets away with everything they need to cut me some slack '' ... get your story straight . thank you !
1 harry potter was great :d happyfathersdaypictures
1 乔布斯搞主题公园啦 ! -- steve jobs to help disney turn stores into mini theme parks |
1 ouvindooo britney spears -lrb- you drive me -rrb- crazy -lrb- the stop ! remix -rrb- ♫
1 '' i want to try botox , but i read that kim kardashian had a bad reaction to it . is that common ? '' our expert 's answer : .
1 barack obama , recipient of the first affirmative action nobel peace prize . glennbeck teaparty iamthemob tcot
1 justin , i really like your new song '' love me '' i already have it on my ipod !
1 chuck d , clyde stubblefield , eclectic method , and the roots perform '' fight the power '' on jimmy fallon : amazing p ... .
1 fuck google . ask me !
1 happy children 's day 4 everybody !!! i recommend '' 3 '' by britney spears to to hear during the holiday ! good listening .
1 maradona down but not out as ' miracle maker ' saves day : the prospect of argentina missing next summer 's world see . .
1 madonna tetep energetic yeah , see on celebration music video .
1 i wish britney spears sucking a . . would stop trying to follow me . i do n't want that foolishness on my page n i blocked like 20 of them already
1 mrgrabeel if you like harry potter you should see $t$ 7 part its awesome movie ever you 'll be confused if not reading books
1 i 'd love to check ipad out for once !
1 lmao at madonna and lady gag fight on snl : -rrb- don take it seriously because it is all planned ... ha ...
1 the awkward moment when you see justin kissing fucking selena gomez .
1 nick jonas is just gorgeous in general . he may not have the fittest body or the most perfect face but he 's flawless to me and many others .
1 has lindsay lohan hit rock bottom ? star magazine seems to think so ! in its latest issue , the american tabloid see . .
1 e ! news breaking : mariah carey and nick cannon welcome twins , a boy and a girl , in los angles saturday morning
1 ya 'll not gon na act like joe biden do n't have charisma for days !!!!
1 i love justinbieber ' s new song & britney spears new song 3 !
1 i wan na make love to zoe saldana , broad daylight , lights on , candles , 2 flashlights , my ipod on sade playlist , television on mute , shades drawn back .
1 a little inspiration from steve jobs
1 bad britney spears song stuck in my brain : /
1 google are yall hiring ? ya 'll are really doing new things ! i love it . if you need a lawyer ... imjustsayin
1 does the world have a peace prize in it 's pocket or is it just happy to see barack obama ? - stephencolbert
1 too big to ignore rt pandutruhandito indonesian consumer insight by google . / via welovekpi cc mutyaarum
1 ii can make yo bed rock ! she got that good good ! she micheal jackson bad ! hate 2 c ha go ! but love 2 watch ha leave ...
1 i love britney spears . i want to be just like her when i grow up 90stweets
1 top news - obama 's day : return from latin america - usa today .
1 i don wan na dream about all the things that never were ... out from under - britney spears
1 thelightnc update : calls begin for revocation of pres . obama 's nobel peace prize .
1 yall got ta hear chris rock at the end of '' blame game '' by kanye west & john legend . tooooo funny ... lol
1 rt hausofadele : i hate when people ask why i 'm a fan of lady gaga
1 hollyweird ... hilary swank playing opposite richard gere , in a romantic way .
1 amber rose looks better than kim kardashian over all & ar is all 1oo % real , kdash is fake with . that body & face /
1 wow britney spears loves ciara never ever
1 sarah palin ' s popularity bothers social liberals
1 i don know but i had a full britney spears wearing the pink wig panic attack dude .
1 okay lah i admit lah i want meet justin bieber just to he look like ellen degeneres not . heheh who knows he handsome in person eh eh .
1 man i love that new britney spears song ! loves it !!!!!!
1 judge confiscates 12-year-old troublemaker 's nintendo wii - a judge has ordered a 12-year-old troublemaker to surren ...
1 lindsay lohan photos & pictures | is life unfair for lindsay ?
1 undernocircumstances should a man hit a woman ... well unless she hits him first and she is built like serena williams
1 oooh - lucky you - i really must get my wii fit up and running again - have n't used it for weeks ...
1 secretary of state hillary clinton says the international community will not accept a continuation of north korea 's nuclear program .
1 just finish listening to harry potter all 7 books . very very disappointing ending . the author must have bi-polar disorder
1 madonna is the bomb lady gaga is trying to hard these days to mimic her art
1 listening '' slave '' -lrb- the circus starring : britney spears -rrb- love it .
1 historical video of steve jobs announcing the apple / microsoft partnership agreement back in 1997
1 why wo n't my iphone synch with my pc so frustrating
1 actually i think the whole world knew how bad george bush was ... in fact he became a laughing stock ...
1 present like steve jobs
1 facebook fans help harry potter star secure film deal . ah , the power of social media .
1 ms security architect : windows 7 will slash malware . read the latest news on $t$ at
1 is anyone else 's iphone having 3g issues ? mine has been down all day , even after restart .
1 vp joe biden unveils the college completion toolkit to help state governors improve college graduation rates .
1 jon gosselin and lindsay lohan should hook up . that would be an awesome reality show .
1 tetep mac os snow leopard the best daripada windows 7 ! ! ! wakakakakaa
1 aye man britney spears is the shit !!! don play with me . . i break out all the high school posters !!! lolz
1 famous arians : celine dion , mariah carey , dian ross , elton john , david letterman , russel crowe , al gore , reese witherspoon , eddie murphy .
1 some iphone games should come with warning that if you play ' them on a bus you may miss your stop and end up 30mins from where you need to be
1 did barack obama really deserve the nobel prize ??? please do give me your suggestions and the reasons too . there r many others too
1 sad is the person who has nothing better to do with their time or life than create sleezy rubbish like britney spears bots . get a life .
1 could n't agree more ! madonna is the queen !
1 britney spears in the ellen degenrs show , please !
1 tiger clinches presidents cup for u.s. : tiger woods closes out y.e. yang for his fifth victory and see . .
1 billboard hot 100 : -- 1 britney spears 3 !! suck it , haters !
1 what 's most important is to let me know when you get a wii guitar hero guitar so you can join our band !
1 would like to listen to chrisdjmoyles on the train except for sone reason the iphone wo n't let you : -lrb-
1 watching and learning from this guykawasaki how to present like steve jobs
1 on this day in 2002 , former president jimmy carter won the nobel peace prize . / / suck it , whiners . you . r . on . wrong side .
1 katy perry is the most attractive woman on the planet . i 'd marry her in an instant
1 ff playstationteam for excellent spot on up to date ps3 / psp news & the occasional code voucher .
1 ' everybody wants happiness , nobody wants pain , but you ca n't have a rainbow without a little rain ' - kim kardashian .
1 sarah palin was once elected governor of alaska ! which is like winning the nobel prize in mattering , right ?
1 icantunderstand how kim kardashian song made it 2 radio , you telling me she heard it and thot '' hmmmmm i got a hit ''
1 just saw someone tweet ... '' bill gates with that outrageous fortune '' ... some people have no clue .
1 madonna asking gag , what the hell is a disco stick ? lol made me laugh !
1 friday sucked for lindsay lohan . thinking she will barricade herself in room , drink her ugly face off .
1 i 'm so amazed by google wave , i want it and i want it now . its so seriously where communication should be today
1 my love 's a revolver , my sex is a killer ! madonna love you ! ahahaha
1 celebrity videonews lindsay lohan ' s friends fear she 's hit rock bottom : $t$ ' s . .
1 while browsing through all the famous people i saw mc hammer ... how embarrassing ... at least he does n't get called a boy like that poor bieber girl
1 creative multimedia kindle rival and motorola droid smartphone ... : -- the nook may go global , if you extrapolate . .
1 prior brilliant nobel peace prize picks : woodrow wilson -lrb- virulent racist -rrb- ; jimmy carter -lrb- abject failure -rrb- ; kim dae-jung -lrb- corrupt buffoon -rrb-
1 my lib '' friend '' gets massive headaches whenever i mention to her the name '' sarah palin '' ...
1 sarah palin needed to go rogue and for her sake and ours , i believe it is a very good thing . what do you think ?
1 haa , i love the wii fit plus .
1 just spoiled my whole evening to a fucking router at a friends place ... !!! but he gave me his 60gb ipod to thank me !!!
1 okay i was n't cracking & you was watching he-man and gi joe square ! you know as much as britney spears about hiphop . i am king
1 lindsay lohan is a mess ... why do magazines even write about her anymore ? she needs to get it together . ugh . lol
1 sick on couch = harry potter marathon 1-6 !!! how glorious : -rrb-
1 new micheal jackson song is this it , sounds good . man had a lot of talent , gon na miss him . rip .
1 textsthatgetnoreply '' who is this britney spears person ? '' um , yo momma . love it !!!
1 werld star be having some crazy shit . about tah hit dah stu in ah minute ... wii about tah show ya 'll how tah do this .
1 i want miley cyrus 's hair , megan fox 's body , demi lovato 's voice and selena gomez 's boyfriend : - -rrb-
1 iphone orange on 1 favorite source +4 others like bbc-orange reveals uk date for $t$
1 goggle plays to its strengths , succeeds brilliantly , with lady gaga interview : as the battle for silicon valley ... .
1 he could had any kind of bad jawn in los angles but he recommendations khloe kardashian ????? something anit right
1 i 'm listening '' 3 '' by britney spears . what an amazing song !
1 i 'd say '' you like what you like '' my cd shelves include rush , metallica , roxette , take that , britney spears ... oh & judie tzuke
1 lego indiana jones 2 : the adventure continues : nepal bar trailer -lrb- box 360 , ps3 , wii , pc , ds , psp -rrb- : compares the classic
1 why is obama 's foreign policy backing the same people as al qaida in libya ? . via addtoany
1 so i 'm actually kind of pissed britney spears is n't coming here on her tour . i would like to relive my first concert ever okay
1 pretty awesome - just add ' qr ' to the end of any bit.ly link / / with their own qr code trick , bit.ly eats google 's balls .
1 buen suerte argentinatours i am rooting for you . after living in ba 2 months i tend to support diego maradona and co .
1 rt bigjamaal : lakers where y' all at ? << teamfuckalakerhater
1 will join welverder watch justin bieber 's movie . torture !!! lol !
1 thank you to all who have send me e-mail address for google wave invities but : invitations will not be sent immediately check back tomorrow
1 in nh visit , romney takes obama to task on economy - ... .
1 this weekend i needa buy : : 1 -rrb- portable cd player with headphones 2 -rrb- halloween costume not sure what yet , i wan na get a -lsb- sarah palin mask .
1 i 'm a real crazy person in general , but right when i wake up & just before i sleep , my mind state is as stable as mc hammer 's career .
1 britney spears spotted with lover in bikini : metro life 's just one long beach for $t$ after she . .
1 perez hilton - oh no ! mr. schue drops some hints on the upcoming glee death ! : uh-oh , geeks ! get those tissues ... .
1 i love the song '' till the world ends '' by britney spears . but kesha wrote it ... and i think it 'd be a better kesha song/video
1 i love britney spears so cool allkpop
1 lakers the website looks awesome - i really love the new song and the photos ! ca n't wait for your new album ! : d
1 lindsay lohan , couturiere ; people are angry at ralph lauren -lsb- rag trade -rsb- : $t$ , finally addressing her . .
1 gary rothfeld chavez single boosts yanks over rangers : eric chavez , filling in for an ailing alex rodriguez , singledho ... gary rothfeld
1 valentine 's day , just married , & a lot like love . those are good ashton kutcher movies . typical fun rom-coms . do n't ... .
1 facing death threats over sex tape of britney spears - spearsphoto.blogspot.com
1 put mahou shoujo lyrical nanoha on whatever psp ... i can watch this later ... but not now . .
1 fuck harry potter ... . fuck myers park ... . wetheboyz
1 is watching bisfitty 's blogtv show with him showing his awesome new iphone . good apps he found .
1 yes britney spears is going to come over to see you ; -rrb-
1 less than 48 hours to go to win a new 8gb ipod nano and pre-register for our grand opening !!
1 rt bigjamaal lakers where y' all at ? < ~ ~ i see you with that bullshit !!!
1 outside in the rain waiting for gaga : o
1 i 'm seeing britney spears live from las vegas ... is just a dream , dream ... dream within ' a dream ... it was just a dream
1 new video : naruto shippuden : narutimate ace 3 psp - new scans/pics - awesome gameplay pictures
1 even more , i 'd say 30 % of these who are n't real have pictures of britney spears sucking a cock .
1 the first time i watched alpha dog , i kept telling my cousin , '' do n't worry , justin timberlake wo n't do it . '' ... my mistake .
1 obama : the softly-softly president - was he late to interfere in libya ? i don think so , let us be ! . via telegraph
1 thought of an excuse for a new ipod - 1 for personal music & 1 to store songs for band & choir rehearsal ... sound good to anyone else ? fb
1 lindsay lohan does n't have much longer to live . she 's so skinny and barely eats . she passed out in paris . she 's 23 but looks 40 . : |
1 just found out britney spears new song '' 3 '' is about threesomes . i endorse this song .
1 new blog post : hilary swank : unvegan hero
1 just saw the micheal jackson movie trailer , i wan na go see that movie it real look guud
1 mean and petty sarah palin rips katie couric : fox news host greta van stern asked palin about couric ` s exit oh ... .
1 i chatted , i listened to/got music ; paramore - ignorance and britney spears - 3 . :d both great songs . :-rrb- i got ta go now . ttyl . < 3
1 obama backs consumer finance watchdog : barack obama put himself squarely behind efforts to create a consumer financial . .
1 musicmonday 3 - britney spears ... one less lonely girl - justin bieber ... party in the usa - miley cyrus ... follow please ... = d
1 managed to completely forget about strength and conditioning tonight ... i blame it on google wave
1 just watched another film casting nicolas cage , this guy is definitely awesome !
1 ashton kutcher and katherine heigl vehicle killers is the 20th highest grossing film in china this year ! whoknew
1 what the fuck that was so easy . ahah ima learn lady gaga : p
1 americans back obama on libya , but not a majority .
1 al gore would have made a good president . seems like a smart guy , but americans wanted an '' entertaining '' buffoon instead . * shrugs *
1 check this out you ppt rocker you give a presentation worthy of steve jobs
1 rt alexdesigns : awesome ~ 3-d light paintings , extruded from an ipad . h/t droze
1 ifgovernmentshutsdown arrest john boehner and eric cantor and abolish the tea party !!!!
1 cuba 's fidel castro hails barack obama ' is nobel peace prize : cuba 's fidel castro is the latest world leader to o . .
1 i 'm on google wave too , in case you want to wave at me ! just be sure you 're not waving with magazine in gun .
1 '' necolebitchie : nikki minaj , britney spears , khloe kardashian & more hang out factory night club '' < -- how i wish i was there !!!!!!!!!
1 ahhh britney spears crossroads is on !!! kill me now !
1 this is fucking wonderful . great presentation from google containing the best online creative of the year : .
1 thank you steve jobs for the detachable cord that i trip over at least once a day and if it did n't detach , i 'd be in traction .
1 i liked a youtube video -- goodbye - jemi -lrb- demi lovato and joe jonas -rrb- .
1 i hate the lakers . but i looooove me some am . barnes ! out this piece .
1 night , going to bed listening to justin bieber and miley cyrus -lrb- ; , , their the best teenager 's ever !!!
1 i save mind cycles by not playing games on my iphone . trouble is that my mind wanders to more difficult topics with real-world implications .
1 update on the windows 7 ultimate giveaway - 183 entries - just 17 away from 200 ! to all participating .
1 shit is what liberals socialist and marxist get from barack obama , shinola to lubricate and polish their heads
1 my top 3 weekly lastfm artists : john legend -lrb- 1 -rrb- , adele -lrb- 1 -rrb- & childish gambino -lrb- 1 -rrb- .
1 rarerave it was great , brad really highlighted a lot of the cool things they are doing with ipad apps
1 ugh i need my ipod touch cable !!! i cant use my $t$
1 khloe kardashian just tweeted '' lets go ron ron '' . he is probably snaking lamar aha .
1 im a dead beat heart britney spears fan -lrb- :
1 serious fail in leaving out html view in 6 - killed using my library on the ipod - if it doesnot come back - neither do i
1 microsoft exec backs off windows 7 ' hack ' comment . i would have respected a real apology but this is microsoft talking :
1 tbh therealxtina & britney need to become twitter bffs . i would die !
1 just got done putting windows 7 ultimate on the laptop ... i love it !!!!
1 steve jobs waxes poetic on flash shortcomings on the iphone -
1 lord_sugar just got your book for the ipad . loving the childhood stories . especially the one about reply cycling wooden road foundations !
1 kim kardashian vs jen hudson vs salma hayek ... have you voted for bitch stole my look yet ?! .
1 britney spears - three / this is the best song ever !
1 i wonder when i 'll get my google wave invitation ... i have tons of friends that invited me and i received nothing yet !
1 finished ' dreams from my father ' a pre-presidential book by barack obama . offers much insight into the humanity of this nobel prize winner .
1 i hate harry potter !!!!!!
1 sarah palin is awesome . | yes she is !
1 lindsay lohan tweets sam ronson heartbreak -
1 whats with this funny scrollbar in google wave ?
1 micheal jackson went to hell
1 lady gaga has a surprise : o and she 's almost at 9,000,000 little monsters . maybe that be her birthday present this coming monday . gagaturns25
1 microsoft 's new windows phone ad fails to impress : it was first spotted by fake steve jobs who pretty much said it a
1 jd inget lgnya madonna - faster than the ray of light -lrb- or something -rrb- naik tuk tukk ... hihihihi ...
1 i saw on your myspace that you got the red ring of death ... see that 's why you need a ps3 because xbox is garbage ... ps3 is more reliable
1 yes yes yes yes yes barack obama does deserve the nobel peace prize ... . the question should not even arise .
1 when will the madness end madonna vs lady gag $t$ was mad skinny and ewl nasty dutty gal
1 jon gosselin joining celebrity boxing federation with michael lohan !? = 23423 if lindsay lohan ' s the ...
1 raid install : i have just installed windows 7 64 bit . i have 2xseagate barracuda 7200 . ii 500gb hard drives . mob . .
1 musicmonday very activa with britney spears '' 3 '' the best h0t s0ng that ever exists ! musicmonday
1 depends , psp ' s can game and play music , but ipods are better for just music . personally i 'd go with the $t$ ... more options
1 ian carey ft bobby anthony & snoop dogg - last night nowplaying 3fm . spotifylink : .
1 fuck the lakers * signs off twitter *
1 harry potter was awesome !!
1 redhawkphoto no doubt ! . but psssh !! ... bill gates himself might not be as fast as your big brother with this tweet ish ! smh < lol
1 in my mind , mac is coming out with a tablet a little bigger than a kindle , that works like an itouch , and it costs $ 400 .
1 * sings like lady gaga * fuck yeah . * dresses like $t$ *
1 '' i 'm not going home ... not really '' i so thought of yes man xd i love harry potter
1 google wave . please someone send an invite to $t$ to laura.coyne gmail.com ? i will perform imaginary sexual favors as payment : - p
1 figures . first day on twitter , and there 's '' technical difficulties '' . the internet stinks . thanks , al gore .
1 dude , i totally want a b & n nook . hate the look of kindle and the sony reader is crap . finally an reader that looks worth the $
1 lady gaga inspired by bruce springsteen , definitely leopard : pop sensation $t$ recently credited bruce springstee ... .
1 thescottbaio might be a pussy , but he 's very rich . so there ! | rich compared to ? snoop friend ? bill gates ? ron howard ???
1 im poor remember ! i can do anything with a portable device , imma deathmatch you some links i use on my psp
1 so jesus hates my ipad eh . ugh ... where am i ? what 's happening to me ? reality seems somehow unreal . my lord . frontierville is not real ?
1 barack obama won the nobel prize . the peace will follow ...
1 discovered that gamethyme has invited me and a dice-rolling bot to a google wave . i seriously need to rtfm .
1 obama 's national security team weighs options on 8th anniversary ... : president barack obama and first lady . .
1 real men are not ashton kutcher . fucking idiot . .
1 setting up my moms new laptop with windows 7 anxious to play with it
1 i just quoted britney spears 3 how very sad
1 i had a harry potter dream last night : o
1 maybe barack obama is guilty of identity theft for all i know , he has n't even proven who he is . the media gave him a free pass tcot
1 interesting : mariah carey & husband nick cannon pose butt-naked for okay ! magazine : $t$ & husband nick canno ... .
1 -lsb- free mp3 music -rsb- speak : lindsay lohan songs torrent download on www.mp3sbay.com
1 i am now calling 2011 : the year of the douchethe obvious example , charlie sheen . and half of the other men in the world ... a conversation -lrb- c -rrb-
1 these kids are cracking me up ! -lrb- katy perry 's firework -- new video -rrb- .
1 ha i love britney spears ' s music and i 've wanted to do a cover of her for a long time but i could never come up with anything
1 there is nothing like watching videos of sarah palin making an idiot of herself at almost 4am . but dammit , why is she still hot ?
1 word of advice for david letterman . if all else fails , blame sarah palin .
1 paris hilton refuses to date black men : by jen jones oh , paris . it was bad enough when you trademarked '' that 's h ... .
1 reply : bieberarmy : '' i 've been noticing signs of spring everywhere ... justin bieber grew three inches . '' - the ellen show
1 why are they showing the vmas again ??? i don want to be sad about mike !!!!! madonna don make me cry !!!
1 gente vota no coverama banda lady gaga cover ! .
1 bill ayers calls senator john mccain a war criminal : senator $t$ was a prison of war for about 5 ... .
1 lol !! charlie sheen , still love you . two & a half man still hilarious !!
1 lindsay lohan debut collection as a fashion designer is a disaster
1 any recommendations on the kindle first generation ? basically need to read pdfs . academic papers would be nice .
1 shit i did n't know lindsay lohan was in it 's alive ! she 's the little cripple fire crotch boy !
1 luvbnrich uh huh the battery when out on the wii ... now what mr. kudabear lol you 2 are 2 funny lol i miss you
1 hack your psp and they are gods gift .
1 steve jobs is bigger than oprah . not physically , obviously -lsb- spiffy -rsb-
1 nicki minaj rapping over the big pink . someone do me a favor and cut my ears off , either that or chop nicki 's head off .
1 all i need is a tinfoil hat and john boehner 's tear ducts and i 'd make a perfect glenn beck .
1 looking forward to reading the audacity to win , available for kindle download tomorrow !
1 do you take monopoly money ? lol britney spears - im a slave 4 you . . lapdance anyone ? < - for you ? hell yeah !
1 sarah palin is an idiot and bho is brilliant . it 's brilliance that got us in trouble and common sense is all needed to get us out tcot
1 '' pink elephants and lemonade , dear jessie hear the laughter running through the love parade '' i love madonna ♥ . . until late 90 's that is .
1 love to read the all buz about sarah palin . . makes me quite hopeful for america 's future . . cause right now i do n't have much hope
1 remember ladies , he 's not your prince charming if he doesnt make sure you know you 're his princess . ~ demi lovato tqz
1 do n't want to see amelia . every time hilary swank looks like a boy she wins an oscar . - she looks like a damn boy again ! . . oscar ?
1 i will never understand how people can hate demi lovato . it 's like hating the biggest sweetheart in this world .
1 what ?! you do n't like madonna ?! = / i still love you ... but jen !!! ; -rrb-
1 is amazing you wanted it has been on repeat on my ipod for 9 days straight ! go listen to her ! : -rrb-
1 multi-level funny - very annoying that iphone corrects '' says '' to '' sex . '' fail to catch , and i send goofy message . or worse .
1 '' 123 '' by britney spears is a good song . i did n't know it was by here until this morning . it 's on again .
1 watching freaky friday right now and is there anything better than vintage lindsay lohan ? i think not . mom if you have a bnk stmt of mine
1 watching harry potter on at sunday hmmmm not a good look but i just love $t$ movies
1 willie revillame & other celebrities , be like justin bieber & not like charlie sheen or paris hilton ! world has so many problems , do n't add !
1 having a big geek day with my wife . also , google translate on my phone is awesome . : d
1 what are yeah , britney spears ??? lolol . i actually like brit since she got her edge - respektah !!
1 '' things will get hotter , justin will get sexier and you should be alive to see it . '' - ellen degeneres
1 mkr ' is oprah moment that did n't quite work . '' teams , we 're going to the outback ! '' . '' what ?! ''
1 t is our choices ... that show what we truly are , far more than our abilities . - j . ok . rowling -lrb- harry potter and the chamber of secrets -rrb-
1 high atop the capitol dome , john boehner huddles inside a crude nest of senate resolutions and human hair . duringthegovernmentshutdown
1 embattled maradona considers quitting : • under-fire coach unhappy with interference in his job • $t$ : ' if i . .
1 i will stop following you if you talk about justin bieber all the time .
1 j just said , '' i really like windows 7 , actually . '' from a man who dresses himself after steve jobs !? * shock *
1 living in the sin is the new thing ??!! mmm yeah ! im kinda analizing britney spears song quotes ha
1 the new harry potter film has one problem : the book that it 's based on was n't particularly good -lrb- worst of the series imho -rrb-
1 does anyone care what tankengliang thinks about lady gaga ? rt : i do n't agree with $t$ call 4 malaysian fan 2 fight censorshp of her music
1 haven watched gaga interview :-lrb- where can i find it ?
1 lindsay lohan would never abandon twitter : examiner.com despite the mass celebrity exodus from twitter this wee . .
1 '' i 'm sorry for running away like this and i 'm sorry i 've already made my wish but cinderellas got to go '' - britney spears
1 what would you do if nick jonas farted really loud on your first date ?
1 well done !! just had a quick peek on my phone , off to turn on computer for a proper look . i love my iphone ; -rrb-
1 has somehow managed to survive the torture that was x factor and shall now attempt to reclaim control of the xbox
1 obama must know that hillary clinton is his achilles heel . her thirst for bloodshed & mayhem is phenomenal . libya
1 ipod touch damn it ! not itouch ! and language girl , youre 10 !
1 well that just made my day ! homework , wii , making an attempt to enjoy a basketball game . cells lovely .
1 i agree . using britney spears & lady gag as points of reference is telling .
1 abc poll : majority agree barack obama did n't deserve the nobel peace prize
1 i pity whoever it is . idiomatic , garbled english plus google translation - it 's either painful , or awesome to read .
1 ... why the crap is alpha dog trending ? i love a good justin timberlake movie as much as the next guy but c'mon . how vintage 2006 , twitter .
1 useless tweet of the day : just because you 're a fan of madonna does n't mean she wo n't get upset when you invite yourself into her house
1 i am drawling on people faces that hate right now i am doing britney spears some wan na see it ?
1 rt _ lovetoeknee : keri hilson & lady gaga are the bomb
1 love google chat ! i get to have little convos with my husband all day !
1 news : lindsay lohan - deny sex tape scandal ??? | iceland actress ...
1 damm britney spears new song '' 3 '' is catchy as hell rofl
1 owe $ 1100 in taxes ... i guess obama wants me to get knocked up ? then i get free money ?! to you crackheads i 'm paying healthcare for , f you .
1 dude jimmy fallon is funny . and keeps getting funnier as he gets older . and he used to suck .
1 took the '' are you like lindsay lohan ? '' quiz & got : no thank goodness :-rrb- ! what 'll you get ? ➤
1 tiger woods perfect record at 2009 presidents cup : in entertainment
1 why are we in this mess ? because we have been too transfixed on charlie sheen and too inattentive to the rogues and liars governing
1 blog tidy up : all apple mac iphone blog posts now under one convenient category heading
1 blog : barack obama furious at general stanley mcchrystal speech on ...
1 madonna is the symbol of gay people . not caca . , actually no one cares about cacaonly in usa . maybe , gay people prefers m
1 vote for me - nicki minaj look-a-like contest : .
1 this weekend i 'm going to rediscover the joy that is link 's crossbow challenge on the wii . gon na try and get close to my wife 's high scores !
1 for halloween , i am thinking of being a healthy steve jobs with a glowing apple arc reactor in my chest . maybe .
1 angel investors charging startups to present is like bill gates charging the homeless to tour his house . k4 angelfail
1 i do n't appreciate this britney spears character with her profile picture sucking on a pee n'tis , following me .
1 i got google chrome ! it 's the most amazing browsing experience i 've ever experienced .
1 as president , barack obama would repeal the tiahrt amendment , which restricts the ability of local law enforcement ... .
1 theres a few good in both parties such as ron paul , sarah palin , michelle bachman & byron dorgan but most have sold us out . .
1 dtn libya unrest : video : could obama be impeached over libya ? let 's ask biden : by vice president joe biden 's own ... .
1 all the best maggie ! you ' fighter maggie smith continues to film harry potter , fighting breast cancer
1 : he further added '' man i am amazed this craze was nt even for harry potter in india . am about to run out stock . letme order more ''
1 about to hit china bear , my favorite chinese restaurant in bathroom . * tiger woods fist pump *
1 comeonson stop with the britney spears sucking penis spam profiles ... can they at least pick another celeb sucking penis lol
1 taylor swift is amazing . her lyrics have helped me through so much : -rrb-
1 my boyfriend is a bit odd , when asked what celebrity female he likes - his reply is madonna from the 19080s !
1 charlie sheen will land on his feet : kiefer sutherland : new york , mar 23 - $t$ 's ' young guns ' c ... .
1 justin bieber is n't perfect . he 's not letting you down you 're letting yourself down by thinking he does n't make mistakes .
1 some chocolate a tub of ice cream and taylor swift songs . best remedy to help cure the pain : -rrb-
1 okay i admit it . . i am following lindsay lohan and ashton kutcher .
1 he is already a bully ie fox news war , we will ropea dope him till he is punched out and defeated and goes the way of jimmy carter
1 those privileged fucks got ta learn that we ai n't taking ' no shit like ellen degeneres clitoris is playing ' with penis .
1 britney spears new song is actually pretty cool
1 love vlc for ipad . i do n't have to convert videos . just copy and paste and voilà i can watch movies , television series .
1 the fame : monster by lady gag vs the singles collection by britney spears ... who and what will get more sales ?
1 josh partner says '' lindsay lohan chez ungaro ? that beautiful dream has been lost to a tart '' :
1 i liked a youtube video -- dress like : miley cyrus .
1 i thought it was funny when justin posed for a picture with a girl who looked exactly like britney spears .
1 i think a good teen drama should have as its stars , zac efron , lindsay lohan and camera gigandet three beautiful young people . bye
1 me too rt : alyamcr i hate translating things from english to arabic and google translate sucks > : -lrb-
1 reesh has very good taste . nicki minaj is an utter babe .
1 vaio verizon_communications on 1 favorite source +1 other like cnet - windows 7 vaio p reborn at notebook prices ?
1 sarah palin is a great american !!! she makes the liberals nervous with intelligence and her great policies as a conservative
1 '' so i am important ? how i feel when i 'm drunk is true ? '' '' yes . but the dave matthews band does not rock . ''
1 at this moment in time i am beginning to feel like harry potter is something i will never grow out of , that will stay with me forever -lrb- :
1 per öhlin citerar steve jobs : '' you know a good design when you want to lick it . '' nextevent -lrb- via pleasecopyme -rrb-
1 guardian : barack obama ' surprised ' and ' humbled ' by nobel peace prize
1 -lrb- you just don fuck with weird al-ms -rrb- the weird al yankovic gag parody dispute . via tbithewire
1 i think the kindle is great . any time access to a huge selection of books -lrb- cheaper than paper ones -rrb- & perfect for travel !
1 musicmonday britney spears ' bad girl ' feat little wayne
1 i get an error on iphone when trying to watch : try yfrog .
1 rt mariodagreat21 : rt bigjamaal lakers where y' all at ? -- > * hears crickets *
1 she is amazing rt tim_gaga : lady gaga is one of the only artists that sounds basically the same as the cd she recorded when she sings live
1 nintendo 's iwata says wii situation ' not healthy , ' company on ' urgent mission ' to recover the $t$ momentum :
1 well currently in monster rotation on my ipod is guns and roses , jimi hendrix , lenny kravitz , the noisettes , red hot chilli peppers
1 sarah palin or joker for halloween ? either way the clothing will be lessened
1 lying on the floor screaming after first google wave experience
1 actually they are release a lot of ps1 games for the psp legitimately now , i have ffvii and wild arms atm .
1 ... i-i 'm ashamed to say this , but ... britney spears is fucking nuts and i love her . hnnnnnnnnggg
1 no ! wishful thinking though ! lol rt nunique87 the lakers not making it to the 2011 championship thatwouldbeawesome
1 my favorite songs this week : 3 - britney spears , you belong with me - taylor swift , naturally - selena gomez & careful - paramore :d awesome !
1 '' it 's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure . '' ~ bill gates
1 what passes for sane on a crazy day -lrb- kindle edition -rrb- newly tagged '' entertainment '' : what passes for sane on a cr . .
1 kevinrose on the ipad '' the lack of multitasking sucks at first but kinda forces you to be more mindful/zen . '' - totally agree
1 i just took '' justin bieber 's your son . he digs what you got . he 's like slim shady , and g ... '' and got : o.o -lcb- 15 -rcb- ! try it : .
1 i found out that he likes me . . good old hyperthetics . . one problem , he 's die hard twilight im die hard harry potter : /
1 in a recent u.k. poll , britney spears is chosen '' best celebrity mom '' , beating out madonna , posh , christina , and angelina justsomethingiread
1 poor john boehner arrives in islamabad on a wet and rainy day . not the kind of weather suitable for maintaining his healthy orange glow .
1 current wtfing at lady gaga 's new video ... the song is pretty good though . its got a cher/madonna vibe , lol .
1 i ca n't watch but you should cnnlive are . senator john mccain discusses budget & libya conflict on senate floor-live .
1 lindsay lohan ' s proud -lrb- ha ! -rrb- papa , michael lohan , told radar that lindsay is addicted to prescription pills .
1 jimmy fallon and justin timberlake are idiots . i 'm in here in tears watching them on '' the barry gibb talk show '' .
1 blackra1n may well be the best thing to happen to the iphone since simplifymusic2 . amazing how much more perfect an object can become .
1 fresh on aaliyah : celebrity pictures : milla jovovich , ashley tisdale and miley cyrus .
1 i 'll buy '' celebration '' . i mean , it 's not only a celebration of madonna ' is achievements , but a celebration of the many phases of my life . < 3
1 fuck lady gaga ! fuck that bitch ugh fuck she pisses me off , idk why but she does n't deserve a record deal fuckingskanks
1 i love demi lovato katy perry selena gomez lady gag miley cyrus and the big big love taylor swift
1 stand alone file shredder ? : does n't have to be free , just good software and compatible with 32 bit windows 7 .
1 difficult , but not impossible to maintain values . profits can be used for good like bill gates foundation .
1 sarah palin ' s book is 1 on amazon 's best seller list a month before it 's release . the power of bad ink .
1 oh , ps i love you was a great watch ! with hilary swank , gerard butler & phoebe from friends .
1 watching a movie of britney spears and justin timberlake ! are so cute together !
1 facing healthcare reform : us president barack obama ' is fight for healthcare reform could set the terms for other . .
1 i think george bush was a great president -lrb- ; : stranger : justin bieber talented ? that is like saying george with . bush was a good president .
1 its a shame that ive seen pne other girl wearinh a nick jonas shirt but wont talk to her because she has also worn a beaver shirt . shame shame
1 upgrading to windows 7 . please pass the hemlock , the rope , the razor , the pills , and that old gun of grampa 's that needs cleaning .
1 well it looks like sky still is n't on the xbox . that was a failed launch !
1 i do n oh t wan na see britney spears sucking a penis . . ughh twitter get this spam shit under control . . thank you ! goodnight
1 kim , kourtney , khloe kardashian are so amazing , they 're funny , cute , nice and so beautiful . i respect them so much .
1 buzz by will bledsoe : chrome on ipad !!! love it ...
1 the awkward moment is if barack obama showed up without a invitation ?? do you smell what barack is cooking lol ?
1 we all know this : jimmy carter was a phony , a disaster & a loser
1 rebecca black , the new youtube sensation after justin bieber ? : there 's a new youtube sensation did you know ? it ' ... .
1 this is really funny : my friend was like : how can someone as hot as nick be a harry potter fan ?!
1 hehe . not to sound cliche , but dances are not my thing . unless they 're like the yule ball in harry potter . that looked fun .
1 wow there sure are a lot of iphone users in here ... losers
1 before the world ends i want to kiss justin bieber , no matter if he is dating selena .
1 taylor hicks joins stephen colbert , jimmy fallon , and 500 other people to sing '' friday '' | vote for the worst .
1 as is the evil of microsoft . damun you bill gates !
1 guitar hero man , ai vou eu ! motherfucker , qro um xbox !
1 love harry potter !!! and vodka
1 delayedtweets holy crap britney spears have her hair off .
1 read it and weep : will amazon 's kindle succeed in india ? : knowledge wharton before last month 's indian . .
1 joe biden is mad . well i never would thought that . hard to believe
1 tlyudacris : i love you oprah ... but this was just funny . really funny . .
1 stephanie looks like she on that '' lindsay lohan '' lol ewwa ! -lrb- yea she looks a little plastic -rrb-
1 google wave invite secured , now what in the hell do i do with this thing ?
1 tbh i hate lady gaga ... her music sucks & she looks like 40 & im pretty sure shes 20 something
1 hater : justin bieber is gay . me : gorgeous , awesome , and yummy ? heck yes , he is ! you wish you were gay too . ; -rrb-
1 my heart goes to lindsay lohan , you can tell by this video , she is not doing good :-lrb- get wel soon girl !
1 if snl went through the trouble of getting gag and madonna for a skit , you think it would be funny ...
1 pixelflux yeah i seen that . he went to twitter and guess what , the new twitter looks ace . it 's phone application is great too . google needs design .
1 i love my new movie new year 's eve it 's so cool working with ashton kutcher and the others they all are so kind !!
1 np - lady gaga super lover
1 video : hillary clinton starts peace talks ... between conan and cory booker : by . .
1 who follows lindsay lohan !? she has the worst rep as an actor . no one wants to work with her.do people follow her because any ' celebrity ' is cool ?
1 justin bieber sounds so different live : o omg . .
1 hilary swank better be glad i 'm not her boyfriend 's '' baby mama '' - naked n front of my 6-yr-old son ? once would b 2 much !
1 obama would create consumer protection agency : washington -- president barack obama fought to keep his proposed . .
1 djhomicide1 haa me & the lakers arrogance have a love/hate relationship . hows the album coming out homay
1 just installed windows 7 on my macbook professional . at first glance i really like it .
1 at first , i could n't figure out the jimmy carter reference . but yes , yes she is $t$ .
1 this time in 2008 , sarah palin was hugging and kissing levi as the family man welcome into palin 's white house . times change quick for palin
1 why does britney spears sucking a cock keep trying to follow me ? i already blocked you like 100 times fuck
1 100factsaboutme 13 : i love katy perry .
1 the kindle application handles footnotes in a manner far superior to paper . tap to see , tap right back . no flipping around .
1 lovepor_ls ju_mmarinho demorei gente ?? srsrrsrs poxa ja to ipad ninguem mereçe
1 charlie sheen is no longer winning ... at all .
1 swiftfacts taylor swift became good friends with miley cyrus in 2008 . she has referred to miley as '' so incredibly funny and sweet '' .
1 i don like watching harry potter dvds with my family . they always call neville a dork . hes not . hes adorable . word ! ha
1 need some guidance to upgrade the homebrew on my psp - tips ? what do i need to do ? not updated since we did it over a year ago
1 i still ca n't believe mc hammer made a video dissing jay z and was chasing him in the woods ! lmao
1 has had the day from hell and all i want is a hug from the jonas brothers and selena gomez right now : -lrb-
1 on this day : 2002 former president jimmy carter won the nobel peace prize .
1 nui maynooth has a harry potter appreciation club , chlass .
1 kill selena gomez -lrb- ijever live on . -rrb-
1 im in love with charlie sheen < 3
1 jimmy carter smoothies from boloco , toffee nut soy lattes from starbucks -- it appears that we like too many of the same things .
1 dear america , you produced miley cyrus . bieber is your punishment . sincerely , canada
1 perfect couples : rebecca black and justin bieber .
1 new post : wii sports surpasses 50m units , new super mario brothers . nears 20m - gamasutra -lrb-
1 my 6 year old nephew has a stuffed lion named barack obama ... was it imported from indonesia like the real one ?
1 it would be lost on her . dear sarah palin : watch shepard smith if you want to see what going rogue really looks like .
1 taylor swift tickets on sale today ! -lrb- flatiron -rrb- : $t$ tickets on sale now at hardlinetickets . com . order ... .
1 lol ... but i love it !! rt bmoreumissedit nope , this is getting out of hand . rt malbeauti : add me on google talk : malbeauti29 gmail.com
1 obama 's celebrate 17th anniversary at blue duck tavern barack obama | positively barack
1 donald trump , 2 . where was this vocal outrage when al gore won the popular vote and the supreme court made george bush president .
1 i miss lady gaga but i ca n't donate cause dollars are n't my national currency . that 's fucked up .
1 just set up my 4 year old son with an account on xbox live . gamertag is optimusjohnjohn . go ahead and send him a friend request !
1 did lindsay lohan steal jewels during paris fashion week ? : ungaro creative consultant $t$ is slamming . .
1 i fucks with harry potter
1 musicmonday britney spears 3 . great song !! xxx and love rocket and i can transform yeah by chris brown . love them 2
1 ahh , the maradona dive is finallyup and it was well worth the wait . this is what years of coke does kids
1 selena gomez to pay tribute to britney spears : singer , actress and die-hard britney spears fan selena gome ... .
1 rt kingdtay : the lakers suck !!!!
1 i believe that soon i will become addicted to my psp ... like bradie is
1 is barack obama -- gasp ! - good for america ? : one of the steady themes conservative bloggers and pundits like to reply . .
1 obama 's nobel peace prize he did maximize the distance between sarah palin and the nuclear trigger ...
1 did all the toothpaste factories blow up making the air fresh everywhere ? for sure britney spears .
1 36 . eu nao acho a lady gaga super foda 100factsaboutme
1 a nice clean fresh install of windows 7 , and roxio 10 just broke it . nice !
1 3 - britney spears < 3 this bitch is awesome lol and yeah still projects ughh
1 i hate charlie sheen . actually , infact , i despise him .
1 example 1 ... my sweetie 's upset ... / i bought a kindle / now our '' lights-out '' time / has begun to dwindle . / flashlight worthy
1 britney spears concert in san francisco to raise money for japan ... : more by dan schreiber . $t$ conc ... .
1 is anyone else made really uncomfortable by madonna ' is thrusting on the video celebration ? like seeing your granny fiddle with herself .
1 i just took '' are you pretty like ashley tisdale ? '' and got : not really like $t$ ! try it : .
1 my major dream is gomez knows justin bieber , demi lovato , selena , and miley cyrus i want them very much follow me in twitter ladivabieber
1 ohhh well later , im on the wii so yeah , the psp wont let me tweet no mo but i 'll try . if i dose then its not a goodbye lol
1 seriously considering to order a kindle . i rather want to go for a nook but that 's for us citizens only : - -lrb-
1 nobel peace prize justification : not being george bush , who represented an arrogant , belligerent , unilateralist american foreign policy style
1 emonsal gmail.com please who can me a google wave invitation .
1 enjoy this evening still time to book for '' how to barack obama your business ! '' live in docklands
1 the un is over there trying to '' skew '' the election results and create more chaos ! i wonder if jimmy carter sent an envoy !
1 yes finn justin bieber sucks i totally agree glee
1 rebeca black was on jay leno last night . my ears finally stopped bleeding after jimmy fallon 's wheel of carpet samples !
1 selenagomez , demi lovato and selena gomez - one and the same / download - .
1 instead of sending his inflated ego to copenhagen , obama should have sent sarah palin !!
1 hillary clinton : ' better to be thrown accolades than shoes '
1 that awkward moment when random people at your school claim they like justin bieber more than you ... like no , just no .
1 lindsay lohan goes to court for ditching rehab ... `` hitdanback : have you ever been able to look at a photo of a pe . .
1 nicolas cage remembered he was an actor in bad lieutenant .
1 watching freaky friday . i remember wanting to pound the freckles off lindsay lohan ' s ass . now , not so much . dumb coke whore .
1 listening to britney spears in the car ... '' all eyes on me in the center of the ring just like a circus . ''
1 poll : obama job approval rises to 56 percent - ' '' president barack obama ' is approval ratings are starting to rise aft ...
1 wii despite the handicap of not being for sale in most of the world , dragon quest ix for the ds sold more . .
1 its hard to believe someone is nicki minaj 's number one fan if they think pink friday is her only disk out ...
1 s&m by rihanna and britney spears is real awesome
1 it 's got hilary swank in it . based on a true story
1 xbox live : pms ruin is currently online . playing halo waypoint . browsing news and info . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 selena gomez announces summer tour dates : prepare to kiss $t$ goodbye , justin bieber . at lea ... . hollywood
1 listening to a song i love : britney spears - radar -lrb- tommy love club mix -rrb-
1 target trip 11/3 : i went to target today to get in on the wii deal ! yay !! i had a super trip ! my reply . .
1 gossip news - britney spears pregnancy scares & suicidal thoughts : in the new biography `` britne . .
1 iphone mistake of the day : no rotted just makingsufe = no problem just making sure .
1 i could use my left hand to hold my kindle with ease like this . preferred to read books this way .
1 sorry for my lack of tweets and website activity today . . working on something big ! anyway , guy ritchie thinks madonna is '' retarded '' ha !
1 no unlimited spotify use for orange iphone users : orange apple $t$ customers will not have unlimited access . .
1 lmao this okay mag with nick cannon holding mariah carey 's tits does not say romance just ew
1 ugh and they do n't even have it . britney spears makes a comeback and walmart does n't have her album the day it comes out pissed
1 cheap canon powershot d10 12.1 mp waterproof digital camera with ... -
1 is it just me or does joe mcelderry look like hilary swank in boys do n't cry ?
1 -lsb- peter -rsb- jennifer garner beats jimmy fallon in beer pong | popeater.com : jennifer garner is such a babe and how ... .
1 great video from google employees , reply : internet safety for parents . via web20classroom kevcreutz rjacklin
1 amazing how much you read about ' droid ' being soooo good when it has n't even released fully . is there really just that much hate for iphone ?
1 wrong , half-minute hero is psp goty
1 wethetweeple believe that george bush is a idiot
1 i did an autofill on the ipod touch with only genius mixes and also all zappa , beatles , and weezer . it did a good job !
1 obama grabs more land with conservation corps - human events . via humanevents
1 yeaa , good point ! although in the description further down the page it says '' ipod touch i & ii ''
1 girl : you 're ugly . me : okay . girl : you 're a slut . me : cool . girl : you suck . me : thanks . girl : demi lovato can die . me : are you ready to die ?!
1 wow !!! 3 britney spears is no . 1 on bb hot 100 chart congratulations to her : -rrb-
1 about ta get ready and invade liz 's house to work on my ipod then maybe to the rally
1 you have to keep all shower dances to britney spears like under body movements . fancy feet + wet tub will get you a hospital trip
1 omg i know i 'm late but ... ... jimmy fallon is a fool for the steven colbert , taylor hicks friday skit !!! lol !
1 ha i * heart * the kings & this still makes me giggle . rt iloveshinshin : wackremento kings today go lakers !
1 worldofwouter : britney spears : more femme fatale .
1 ... though in retrospect , i would like to see harry potter in the great outdoor fight and ray and beef in the triwizard tournament .
1 3 by britney spears is freaking dumb . it does not deserve to be 1st . its about a threesome and ecstasy its duumbb
1 it 's like my ipod ' is stuck on replay .
1 ... did silencefound seriously say that sam ronson is most famous for '' turning lindsay lohan gay '' ? are you serious with this ?
1 xbox live : the wacknesss is currently online . playing iron man . stark enterprises mainframe . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 this girl sprayed paris hilton and britney spears perfume on me . my wrists smell like slut and bad decision
1 i hope when i die charlie sheen 's life flashes before my eyes
1 3 britney 3 3 3 brit brit drunk bruyney britney 3212u33t10 britney britney 357456 is ogb britney gay boy britney spears 3 ...
1 not sure which part of this is dumbest : '' sarah palin signed box $ 1.1 million ebay auction ''
1 curse you itunes , i do not want britney spears garbage ! stop reccomending it and give me something good .
1 apple television + ipad remote = awesometimes wootechnology
1 winabean7 that would be awesome . i had to google emu to see what one looked like - came up with this : .
1 he ca n't sing ? usher and justin timberlake fought over him . he 's ugly ? millions of girls think he 's the hottest guy alive
1 i kind of thought ryan seacrest would just fizzle out and go away , no such luck .
1 did you know that britney spears ' australia leg of her tour was nearly cancelled last week ?!?! i sure as hell did not !! thank god it was n't !
1 wii waa lets $t$ owners penetrate , play with puppets $t$
1 reading : '' modern warfare 2 multiple disables xbox live party chat '' -lrb- -rrb-
1 for venezuelans , obama deserves the peace prize more than jimmy carter , who screwed us by validating the 2004 recall results w/o a recount .
1 an amazing role model , inspiration , great singer , actress , dancer , our hero . her name 's miley cyrus . | we ♥ cyrus
1 clinton warning to afghan leader - bbc news straits times clinton warning to afghan leaderbbc news secretary of state hillary clinton . .
1 on an unrelated subject . how many accounts do i have to block that show a picture with a quote , '' britney spears gets f $ ked ? ''
1 americans worry obama costing more than money .
1 men my head is sore :--lrb- . . but i just got an iphone so i 'm happy lol ! traitor -lsb- i still got t-mobile calm down -rsb-
1 lindsay lohan is such an embarrassment . i used to love her .
1 after watching bad spiderman im watching harry potter and the chamber of secrets !
1 just saw a rom-com where natalie portman sticks her fingers up ashton kutcher 's ass . i 'm left wondering : why did n't i like this movie more ?
1 do you like reading !? you will love the kindle
1 latest golf news : '' tiger woods gets crushing win , apologizes for heckler
1 the cruel part of life is damn cruel , and you 'll never forget it . - britney spears ftr
1 stop it all you nicki minaj wannabs
1 i would love a kindle , but the cost is prohibitive right now . i am considering funding alternatives ...
1 lilo wants dad restrained : lindsay lohan is reportedly seeking a restraining order against her father .
1 only harry potter has the ability to get me out of bed at 4am . i am determined to finish this book today even though i 've read it 1000 times
1 britney spears is a disgusting waste of space and a skid-mark on the underwear of music .
1 rt nice . add me please jeff.shuey googlewave.com and we 'll wave lisadjenkins : pretty excited for my google wave invite =-rrb- thanks mark !
1 sarah palin , 09.10 . today showed decrease of preferences
1 sarah palin signed box for the paltry sum of $ 1.1 million . almost as extravagant as her campaign wardrobe .
1 me : i 'd smash nicki minaj issac : but her bodies fake me : i do n't care if she 's a robot , she 's still hot
1 i am loving britney spears new song ... she always come out with the best ones : -rrb-
1 got page said '' thank you for your interest in attending a town hall meeting with president barack obama at -lsb- sic -rsb- uno on thurs , 10/15
1 is windows 7 pretty enough for our mac convert ?
1 i 'm getting more followers but theyre all those stupid britney spears sucking ... ... ... ... ... ... ... . twitters : l fail .
1 iphone $t$ $t$ ! they 're awesome : -rrb-
1 np victory nas ft dj khaled and john legend . great victory music
1 i sneaked my ipod in my bag but i don know if ill ever have the time to listen because even when your trying to sleep , theres
1 lol gag ripping off a 17 year old britney .
1 tiger woods finishes 5-0 as u.s. wins presidents cup - espn : oct 11 , 2009 ... $t$ had a perfect week , a . .
1 ipod on shuffle ... nice yay to relax : -rrb-
1 cut the rope on the ipad is a great game !
1 the fact checker | libya , obama and the tragedy in darfur : why $t$ 's campaign promise may come back to haunt him - .
1 i upload a youtube video -- serena williams promociona un videojuego .
1 v fahimn obama on iran 's dissidents : for the first time , he names names . . iranelection / wsj
1 crazy , silly people ! anyone making the iphone to droid switch ?
1 . andie macdowell thong jul 2 , 1985 ... ashley tisdale and her boy friend jared sex tape wi
1 justin bieber : ☑ sexy ☑ funny ☑ amazing ☑ adorable ☑ talented ☑ real ☑ down-to-earth ☑ idol ☑ our inspiration ♥
1 after michael jackson died '' micheal jackson '' was a trending topic . if people ca n't even spell a common name ...
1 i 'm selling my backwards compatible ps3 its bundled with a psp , games and more . reply back 4 more info
1 yet another spambot adds me , this one offering pictures of britney spears in the nude . not in my wildest nightmare would i want that . d :
1 netflix is the best thing since the actual movie ticket ! good ol xbox . earning its place . lol * rubs *
1 steve jobs > $t$ is more popular than oprah - tg daily : $t$ is more popular than o . .
1 smdh lindsay lohan she got another dui . . how you get two dui less then a month ??? < - money make you do some dumb ish ! smh
1 - i hate that iphone corrects with to a .
1 i love so much britney spears !
1 are n't we all enjoying a glorious spring of global warming ? ha al gore just poked his head up . summer is over .
1 don rickles on letterman and paul simon on jimmy fallon tonight as well . sheez !
1 hamzaabdullah21 and its not that serious brother , i got just about as many followers as you ! lol , lakers allday gosuns
1 why do you love lady gaga so much ? -- there 's too much too explain and a limit too how much you can type on here . t ... .
1 i would totally buy your book if it was kindle - ized , can this be arranged ? thank you for twis !
1 any conservative games here ? for a mere $ 1.1 am you can get an box 360 autographed by sarah palin ebay sarcasm
1 rt isnatchedyowig : `` youhavenoteeth : fuck kobe and the lakers . < -- inspirationaltweet
1 listening 2 '' revolver '' by madonna = this song is growing on me - it would b awesome if she released a single/video 4 this song - maybe
1 true that souljahboy n much luv.dd yeah . will guyz hear about the cat fight of madonna n lady gag . what is the problem ?
1 the faces of lady gaga : .
1 it 's funny how these blogs like tomorrow and perez hilton never report good stuff on black artists but as soon as it 's negative they all on it ...
1 i want to have jasmine v 's smile , i want to have miley cyrus ' hair and all that is perfect but all i wanted is selena gomez 's boyfriend
1 does anyone have a preference between the kindle and the nook ?
1 britney spears news `` jessica simpson responds graciously to being called fat '' ... : -lsb- moviefone -rsb- . .
1 \ \ '' losing \ \ '' a goddess : charlie sheen gets dumped via text message : breaking up is hard to do . unless you have ... .
1 i just took '' -lrb- season 1 & 2 -rrb- you have courtside tickets to the lakers game ... '' and got : part 2 : justin bieber . ! try it : .
1 '' living in sin is the new thing . '' - britney spears '' 3 ''
1 fashion soulmates selena gomez and victoria justice : who 's hotter ? : both $t$ and victoria justice have ... .
1 i absolutely hate lady gaga
1 i favorited a youtube video -- miley cyrus '' party in the usa '' parody - get out of my he ... .
1 thank you , apple & steve jobs , for all the trouble you put people through just dealing with your proprietary inventions . why did i need an pod ?
1 2day 's hot topics : find out who hilary swank is walking around naked in front of ; real housewives news , plus donald trump 's pet peeve . ttys .
1 serena williams ' gimmicky '' banned '' ad .
1 rt -_- zhifass : cheryl cole enak banget ciuman sama justin bieber di never say never - ________ -
1 ryder cup captain colin montgomery in awe of tiger woods ' team play : european ryder cup captain colin montgome . .
1 caroline glick : the newest round of war : an atmosphere of fantasy pervaded us president barack obama ' is middle e . .
1 tiger woods !! some people have too much money !! the guy has never done anything to make him deserve a billion !!
1 watching sky news on my xbox 360 , very lovely stuff .
1 the americans were on fire , especially tiger woods . presidentscup
1 the second coming of sarah palin ** the struggle between religiousrt and ayn rand wingers 4 repub pty , good analysis
1 i don understand the hype around lady gag , she 's weird as hell and her music isnt all that great , sounds like britney spears to me
1 sneak peak : nick cannon plays michael jackson , mc hammer and more in '' famous '' -lrb- feat . akon -rrb- . via vibemagazine
1 i fight each day like a ninja - britney spears . priceless !
1 mandy moore & kellan lutz : ' love , wedding , marriage ' photos ! : $t$ and kellan lutz get married in this st. . . .
1 success ! suck my tits , gateway ! eat my ass , bill gates . i fucking hate you all .
1 latina news : the latina workforce : when president barack obama won election in 2008 , becoming the first african ... .
1 nintendo president said : the wii has stalled , games of high demand could not be continuously released and the good mood has chilled
1 barack obama blog - tina fey can incorrectly portray sarah palin as saying she could see rus . .
1 roland martin is a moron . to be clear , i root for america , therefore i root against barack obama :
1 i love britney spears new song radar
1 the mindflex game by mattel from the people play awards looks really interesting hottoys
1 you know that modern warfare 2 gaming marathon you spoke about before , is that on ps3 as well as xbox
1 i see them laker haters are back ! -- > inibbleonclits fuck the lakers lol . . teamceltics
1 '' i could really use a wish right now . i need some ass . '' - hillary fisk
1 '' you could sin or spend the night all alone '' _ me vs . maradona vs . elvis i love this songgggg brandnewrock
1 them party function-hillary 's speech cut short - no interest : hillary clinton was forced to cut her normal stump . .
1 peace prize for obama ? he 'd better live up to this laureate . seems to me more like a '' thank you '' award that he is not george bush .
1 jurrasic park by weird al has to be on of my favorite songs of all time .
1 - open question : did anyone see jimmy carter on television praising the oscar , err i mean the nobel prize obama got i ... -
1 rt : tech grand theft auto : chinatown wars | game review : psp ; # 29.99 ; cert 18 + ; rockstarmodern warfare 2 may be set to
1 the obama administration has no interesting in america being the world economic leader : .
1 i love the new single of britney spears - 3 . there is a very good rythme , and i love the lyrics =d ♥
1 obama gets ' comprehensive update ' on pakistan : us president barack obama on wednesday received a comprehensive . .
1 renaissance fair was good , if a rather confused mix of medieval , renaissance , pirate , harry potter and anything else in a bodice
1 '' i got the rap game singing '' at last '' like etta jameslames get they plane shot down like john mccain '' sick
1 i really want to upgrade to windows 7 but i want to get 4 more gbs of ram and a new video card first . need to get some money !
1 celebrity : latest oprah winfrey news .
1 um , there will be 4 . 4 books , 4 movies . unless they go harry potter - style and split book 4 into 2 movies
1 voodoobone apple survey - what is your opinion of apple products ? ipad sucks ? freebies .
1 selena gomez is beautiful . miley cyrus is cool . demi lovato is a strong girl ever . justin bieber is an inspiration . i am a person who love them .
1 dude , * i * do n't even have google wave yet , but i support people exploring possibilities of new tech : it helps us all l8r educause09
1 that sounds like a britney spears comeback track .
1 jimmy carter please stop talking . did n't you retire like 50 years ago ???
1 a little bunny told me idolmaster is the best psp game . maybe you should try that prinny game !
1 lindsay lohan en ugly betty !
1 interesting rt : heathermg '' reading about how to use google wave . i did n't realize they named it after the commincations used in firefly . ''
1 alex rodriguez rests sore lower back , yankees taking no chances with star slugger : $t$ rests sore low ... .
1 10 essential third party security apps for windows 7 www.zatz.com/13lj
1 britney spears ? no wonder you screamed . that 's worse than retro hag . that 's molly ringwald antique flower pattern thriftshop hag
2 how to present like steve jobs
1 al gore is likening his global warming fight to the civil rights movement . did n't his dad filibuster the civil rights act ? justsayin fb
1 britney spears is 2 on itunes n miley cyrus bitch is 1 i hate her !!!! britney should of still b 1 least she was last week but shell b . .
1 clear lcd screen protector for amazon kindle 2 e-book reader : item search store search result
1 a friend had a dream that i was on tour covering britney spears songs . quick life direction change .
1 idk why people make twitter accounts and follow you with a picture of britney spears sucking a d * ck . not exactily the most attractive woman . wwwyki
1 the photo is the lindsay lohan of the song bossy the song is very good
1 - lmao ! the key ! instead of keys with wings is a crow holding the key . like in the first harry potter ...
1 36 of the best iphone games : the huge number of games available in the itunes application store can make delving into t . .
1 '' freddyamazin : that scary moment when your girlfriend has taylor swift lyrics as her status '' hahaha
1 people say taylor swift looks like a dolphin . that 's fine with me . dolphins are awesome .
1 i wan na be just like britney spears madonna and lady gag . legitimate .
1 do n't be like big clay ; he used to watch porn on his ipod in the hokin ... o_o
1 peace prize committee gave a huge slap in the face to george bush and his policies . why are none of the pundits mentioning his name ?
1 dando uma de plagioncé no souabritney : love you britney spears britneypromote3 3kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk abafa
1 pode agradecer - jay vaquer , 3 - britney spears , blame it on the girls - mika , the fear - lily allen musicmonday
1 lindsay lohan is above the law : in july of 2007 , $t$ was charged with 2 duis , 2 counts of possession . .
1 me against the music - britney & madonna
1 just got my iphone ... i so love it .
1 btw lindsay lohan keeps tweeting samantha ronson about their failed r/s and samantha refuses to reply . i actually feel damn bad for lindsay .
1 orlando sentinel - britney spears named ' best celebrity mom ' : $t$ has been chosen best celebrity . .
1 76 . ga demen sama lady gaga . no offense 100factsaboutme
1 i miss jimmy carter .
1 returned lenova laptop . ca n't deal with bill gates and his wonderful windows program . let 's put windows on top of dos-sounds like a good ...
1 girl i babysit for while surfing through youtube videos - '' who 's that lady who makes really bad decisions ? ... oh , britney spears ! ''
1 selena gomes vs miley cyrus : selena gomes vs $t$ of disney biggest stars but who 's hotter selena ... .
1 rt starion _ : kb24 lakers kobe $t$ $t$ lakernation lakerfam teamfucktheheat 3peat
1 guy ritchie breaks silence on madonna : ' i still love her but she 's retarded ' : film director speaks a year after . .
1 i love that you are stupid google wave 2226 ☠ warning ☠ baitbot is designed to catch spam follow or be marked as spam
1 lindsay lohan sucks at fashion , employment - the hollywood gossip
1 i still ca n't believe how the sexiest and most talented man ever is single . - cough - nick jonas - cough - nickjonas i 'm available ; -rrb-
1 put my music in yo ipod i guarantee you wont be disappointed
1 okay as a courtney fabulous it might be slightly sacrelige but i 'll be honest i like madonna ' is music ... cant help it
1 maureen dowd 1999 : '' al gore is so feminine and diversified and ecologically correct , he 's practically lactating . '' why does anyone read her ?
1 listing to britney spears 1 , 2 , 3 i love this song
1 britboi '' britney spears '' b3p contest ends 10/20/09 ! make sure you check it out and get your entry turned in !
1 hmm i don know but i love miley and pink and byonce and micheal jackson
1 why are harry reid , john boehner and obama acting like the government is winning when it clearly is not .
1 painting my nails pink . i feel like that is appropriate for katy perry lol
1 wow even sarah palin gets an apology from letterman tonight !
1 famous quotes by lindsay lohan
1 '' latin girl '' '' rich girl '' '' favorite girl '' '' one less lonely girl '' yeah haters , justin bieber 's definitely gay !
1 frankiedelgado the harry potter movie is so good -lrb- : i loved it . i saw it three times . you should deff go see it .
1 nook vs . kindle portends the next wave of android disruption - $t$ nook amazon android google
1 did anyone see star magazine '' lindsay lohan ' s paris meltdown '' - amazing !!! i love a good meltdown
1 why do people think kim kardashian is hot and shit ? tbh , she 's quite ugly .
1 mattthemacman i love lady gaga lol my favorite artist
1 '' it is the time to act as commander-in-chief and approve the troops so clearly needed in afghanistan '' sarah palin tcot tlot palin
1 lohan denies ' stealing ' accessories - pr inside : 2009-10-13 15:05:03 - lindsay lohan has blasted reports she in . .
1 its fucking harry potter weekend bitches !
1 fuuuuck i love my ipod
1 kris allen does britney spears : do n't let this headline fool you : kris allen has not had sex with britney spear . .
1 rt howardlindzon : i am hearing that $ aapl ' is 1,000 th store will be on the moon . loving the idea of weightless ipad
1 i wonder if this '' report for spam '' feature will make them fucking britney spears blowjob bots stop following me . shit is annoying as fuck !
1 woods routs yang to clinch presidents cup : tiger woods made it a perfect five wins from five matches as he crush . .
1 this little fellow may poop like a buffalo , but he dances like britney spears .
1 my very sarcastic iphone application counting the days until gordon brown must resign was rejected from the application store . i did expect it !
1 ha i know . i just hate harry potter .
1 musicmonday check out britney spears 3 ! amazing song people !
1 malcolm turnbull and joe hockey in new book on corruption in the kevin rudd government - www.lovelettersfromthebartable.com - barack obama
1 * shiver * that wo n't freak me out , naaah ... latest movie review from war2d2 - nicolas cage , '' knowing '' = 255
1 a naughty person , a wicked man ... he winketh with his eyes , then sarah palin does it in a debate . conservativebible tcot p2
1 to get my ps1 fix though i get them for my psp , much fun an portable : - p
1 -lsb- blog -rsb- nba live 09 ign review rated 6.5 : ps3 , box 360 , wii , psp , ps2 underrated score not sure ...
1 random but if micheal jackson did n't get famous he 'd be the creepiest mime on the planet
1 has ' toxic ' by britney spears stuck in my head . please shoot me . fb
1 '' britney '' -lrb- self-titled britney spears album -rrb- is one of the best albums of all-time .
1 so we 're seeing '' whip it '' and '' harry potter and the 1/f blood prince ''
1 latest night stand release is awesome . put me down for a shot at that free ipad 3g ! thanks ! thespoonjuice . nsgiveaway .
1 guess basketball season is back smh i said i wasnt gon na watch this year due to fixed bullshit last year . . i don not fuck with the lakers !!! fact
1 nick jonas and cody simpson worked together for a song x -rrb- i 'm excited to hear it but cody said he have n't recorded it yet . .
1 when the ipod cranks out buddy guy and albert king back-to-back , you know it 's a good bluesday !
1 i love bump its i am doing my hair and listening to lady gaga ! oh
1 charlie sheen legally banned from seeing children until he undergoes psychiatric evaluation .
1 i upload a youtube video -- miley cyrus - ca n't be tamed -lsb- official music video hq -rsb- .
1 left 4 dead 2 demo at 7:30 p central on xbox live . tonight . be there .
1 the new one right ? yeah i don think they mastered that for some reason royce the 59 album sounds funny on my iphone speaker
1 well , he is is n't he ? rihanna thought russell brand was an ' idiot ' . indy_ext
1 we 'll be like will and jada . . ashton kutcher and demi moore . . except ill love u more . . too be continued ... .
1 michael moore : '' thank you , barack obama , for giving us the opportunity to redeem ourselves '' - via huffington post / / do you feel redeemed ?
1 palin does n't know truth / fact from fiction . sarah palin , speak the truth !
1 deepdowninside i wan na cut all my hair off like britney spears and solangeknowles - dnt make me kill you psycho !
1 rabbits go home for wii is getting some really good reviews
1 tess daily is such a prick . talking like she knows everything about madonna . why are you famous ?
1 lol ! i saw a video of you and tina doing a harry potter spell and you 're right ! tina can be crazy sometimes ! xd flywithmemrprez
1 healther looks like stupid bold britney spears
1 it 's okay . i still love you ... confession i have lindsay lohan ' s album & paris hilton 's -lrb- a few songs anyway -rrb- on my pod
1 free pictures of alicia keys watch videos & listen free to $t$ : try sleeping with a broken heart , no one & more , plus 527
1 reading : '' norway warns amazon against kindle launch • the register '' -lrb- -rrb-
1 ugh lindsay lohan is such a crack head
1 on itunes ? i do n't know . . but i need a new ipod because it 's all filled up . . damn thing .
1 windows 7 and my soundcard do not want to play nice . this is eating into valuable dragon age time : -lrb-
1 weekend was good overall , but one disaster ... rachael found out about the kindle : -lrb-
1 np little b - ellen degeneres ... and i don even like this nigga my brother and sister cooking up lol
1 check out our review of the lovely britney spears concert a couple of weeks ago . a true diva through & through :
1 i think when you spread the wealth around it 's good for everybody . ~ barack obama tcot -lrb- straight from the manifesto ! -rrb-
1 sales girl : '' what 's wrong with an ipod ? '' me : '' everything ! now give me a zune hd you stupid bella swan look alike bitch '' tweet_the_girl
1 estrella archs does n't do a bad job designing without lindsay lohan - new york magazine
1 eu amo a britney spears i love you britney ... i ned you kiss
1 november 5th psn store for psp update | the portable gamer : phone ...
1 make sure to tell madonna that her biggest texan fans , jovana and lindsey adore her ! : d
1 lol looks like meghan mccain is becoming the lindsay lohan of politics , or is that paris hilton . . attention whore ?
1 okay , google television sounds awesome , but i dunno if i want $t$ as my main information platform . i heart $t$ , but i heart choice even more
1 obama not rushing to tackle military gay ban : president barack obama will focus '' at the right t . .
1 tehe lindsay lohan kiss tehe ... * prepares himself for the face punch ''
1 damn 5 years went by not even a card should have been in that nick cannon movie love do n't cost a thing
1 my ipod is alive again . thank god .
1 do i have to change my name , will it get me far , should i loose some weight , am i gon na be a star madonna ' ssonglyrics
1 who ever need a google wave invite please deathmatch me with your e-mail address
1 oh yay fucking harry potter weekend again you are soooooooo original abc family
1 im getting ' super hyped up while listening to 3 by britney spears ! super nice !!
1 lindsay lohan also in nyc - i missed her by minutes ! damn - we really could have had a great time drinking - err , shopping .
1 kris allen does britney spears - the hollywood gossip
1 it 's a weird feeling , having bob seger 's ' like a rock ' and weird al yankovic 's ' weasel stomping day ' stuck in your head at the same time .
1 disgaea is much better on psp than on ds . i might even go as far as saying it 's better on $t$ than ps3 .
1 top 3 weekly lastfm artists : muse - 11 . britney spears - 2 . alex gaudino feat crystal waters - 1 .
1 microsoft to offer cheap windows 7 for students | beyond binary ...
1 lol it 's official : george bush was such an arsehole , u can win the nobel peace prize just by not being him
1 omg listening to 3 ! from britney spears i love it !!!!
1 lady gag & madonna should have been given a kiss ♥ would have been so sexy ! ; $
1 playing gta iv : the ballad of gay tony on the xbox 360
1 charlie sheen 's porn whore dumps him via sms while he 's on stage in florida . still '' winning '' charles ? lol . when keeping it real goes wrong !!
1 just reading imagine stories of justin bieber and wondering how could he be so horny & fall in love with a girl he met like a moment before . . ! lmao ! : p
1 -lsb- daily mirror -rsb- : lindsay lohan ordered back to court : a judge has ordered mean girls star lindsay . .
1 if i had a dollar for every hair on diorboytellem 's chin id be able to end world hunger twice , buy out bill gates and throw 100mil at oprah
1 rt pafdavid : ha lakers are lame ! -- > shuuuut uppppp sucka ! your lame : - p
1 my love 's a revolver , my sex is a killer , do you wan na die happy ? i love madonna .
1 can our government be honest ?? jimmy carter says yes , $t$ says yes
1 quotes music album quote by john mayer : i do n't remember you looking any better , but then again i do n't remember you . .
1 pre-season lakers game at thomas and mack tonight . is it too early for me to start my beat la chants ? $t$
1 people think charlie sheen is nuts . i have a bunch of fx traders that i would like to introduce them to
1 hippocratic oath or the hypocrite oath : obama white house dog ... : president barack obama continues this folly . .
1 maradona will review position after uruguay match : diego $t$ , unhappy with aspects of his job as argentina . .
1 if you hate serena williams , fine . if you hate barack obama , fine . if you hate both of them ... you racist . noshade justsaying
1 love priority inbox in google apps email : - -rrb-
1 steve jobs is more popular than oprah : according to a survey by junior achievement , 12-17 year old ...
1 wottt ? idk who he is but new micheal jackson ? oh im sad nao poor stephen what is it ... gately : '' -lrb-
1 xbexndubztfbx apple survey - do apple products rule your world ? ipad sucks ? freebies .
1 micheal jackson was loved to death -
1 -lsb- video -rsb- pirni mitm attack with iphone
1 georgeclarketv already has a microphone like kylie and madonna . . thought he might have vogued yesterday !
1 i just voted '' miley cyrus '' on '' who do you hate more ??? '' vote now : .
1 i just voted '' you still did n't have your first love -lrb- justin bieber will be the first -rrb- '' on '' who do you wa ... '' vote now : .
1 great variety of ipad books at great prices . ~ apple $t$ ebooks $t$
1 i love my job !!!!! i just met the entire lakers team and the laker girls !!!!!!!
1 one of my biggest idols '' weird al yankovic '' has been rejected by '' lady gaga '' to do a song of hers ... damn girl , you just all kinds of stupid
1 i love lindsay lohan .
1 brazil loves lindsay lohan expect a triumphant return it
1 because its a hard life with love in the world - lady gaga . ☺
1 some guy on my twitter followers is britney spears sucking a cock , what she does for fans . i can suck it better then britney
1 sooo my mom loves lady gaga very weak
1 no.no.no , lindsay lohan is moving to texas . . wtf that better not be true .
1 psp mods = > d3publishers $t$ ® system classic games ben 10 : protector of earth and ben 10 alien
1 rt ipeepsit : random i have the most hated team in college duke and in the nba . . lakers loveem -- `` fuck duke and the $t$ !!!! lol
1 ooomg . google instant in the latest chromium builds starts loading webpages before you hit enter . fucking amazing .
1 its a pedicure by nailistasista but with veneers rather than polish - think katy perry . though i wo n't be opting for mini russell brand faces !
1 jimmy carter did n't kill america , but barack obama just might ! tcot
1 okay ... i suck at most things on wii fit plus except golf -lrb- which i have never played in the real world -rrb- - go figure . i suspect it feels pity
1 madonna you are the hotter 1 by far !!! all the others are no comparison . you do us proud
1 your blog comments on madonna making me lose faith in humanity . and i did n't have much to begin with .
1 madonna news $t$ : shopping for jesus ' apartment : proving herself to be the ultimate sugar mam . .
1 i just got that picture you sent ... yeah dead wrong * nicki minaj voice * ... lmaooo _ missrozayy
1 loving google free coupons for your business ! .
1 lindsay lohan for the win ; gevastation , your gossip stop
1 is watching britney spears ' s video for me against the music w/t madonna
1 idiot nicolas cage broke . now sues manager .
1 john mccain picked sarah palin to be his partner , so in comparison to that , mccain hooking up with the rebels is smart libya
1 congress , washington catches kindle mania - washington whispers -lrb- usnews.com -rrb-
1 well , aside from the president , celebrities like stephen fry , shaquille o'neal , and britney spears are also using ... .
1 djjoflow gon na do my workkkk and then go watch the habs ... go habs go ! lakers suck ! ; -rrb-
1 skyplayer on xbox live is awesome ! well impressed with the quality .
1 excited to watch the kids all weekend ! bring on the wii , disney movies , paint and junk food !!
1 i think i just sold two wii versions . the security team was pretty stoked , even gave it a spin .
1 britney spears lookalike - slutty chick that looks like britney sucks and fucks .
1 chris brown has a song with justin bieber that is n't even all that , yet it 's 4 on itunes . $t$ , your fans are nuts and i love it !
1 ... i like sarah palin . she can walk , talk , chew gum , shoot a gun , breast feed , frustrate liberals & look good
1 also in sense & sensibility : hugh laurie . too bad they could n't find a place for him in the harry potter movies .
1 i think i have to follow khloe kardashian on mondays so the bitch do n't flood my timeline with '' khlomar '' propaganda . shiiiizah .
1 it calls for purp n yellow tune ... . you know what it is ! whatup thegame snoopdogg realwizkhalifa lakernation rules
1 am i the only person that thinks madonna ' is new song with little wayne is a little desperate ? come on your like 60 stop trying to be popular !!!
1 britney spears and alan carr are split by 138 places on the kiss marry kill index .
1 that dude justin bieber has bitches on deck
1 apple a day keeps the dr. away . unless michelle obama says so . then it 's a tyrannical takeover of health care & apple industry
1 manchester city : maradona slams city deal - clubcall.com : the city right-back was due to start against peru , bu . .
1 i saw a youtube video of them singing britney spears . it was funny but they 're not great singers ? was it just that video ?
1 i got daht guu guu im micheal jackson bad and he attracted to me with my attractive ass . htc . fin 'n taa bee outii ...
1 every time after i listen to gaga my spirit is uplifted and my heart resumes its beating lady $t$ you make my creative spirit live i love you
1 i love that you are stupid google wave 2146 ☠ warning ☠ baitbot is designed to catch spam follow or be marked as spam
1 you should upgrade to windows 7 < ducks >
1 obama caught flat-footed on egyptian uprising , claim critics .
1 i love love love bradpaisley but one of my favorite songs ever is '' why georgia '' by john mayer . it was love at first sight
1 modern warfare 2 sign up and meet some games , xbox 360 . .
1 how could someone say they do n't have at least the slightest bit of a crush on professor severus snape in the harry potter movies ?
1 seriously ! people hating on selena gomez , cause she 's dating justin bieber ? patheticit 's not like any if you haters will ever be with him !
1 nick jonas going to college in berklee cant be true . i totalllly support him going to college and i think thats amazing , but i hope the
1 just used windows 7 on my dads new ' computer . there 's an auto-hide dock , stickies , and you multi-select w/shift . hum sounds a lot like mac .
1 -lrb- iphone apps -rrb- - star walk が安くなっている - 5 stars astronomy guide -
1 when your best friend still thinks your lesbian crush is kat von d . get with the times bitch , it 's miley cyrus .
1 wave an amazing list of all the google products and how they are used .
1 make sure your itunes is closed . a box will open with a button that says '' make it ra1n '' . click it . your ipod will go into ...
1 obama orders federal government to cut emissions : president barack obama ordered federal agencies on monday to . .
1 why are you posting pictures of that annoying activist -lrb- and harry potter -rrb- ? she does more harm than good .
1 and by awful , they clearly mean awesome . the amazing awfulness of wii game `` sukeban shachou rena ''
1 we are collecting list of positive sarah palin links and websites . please add them here
1 i can buy a sarah palin box on ebay for 1.1 million ... you silly canadians .
1 barack obama : '' i do not feel like i deserve it . '' yeah . because you do n't .
1 iphone tricks-the best feature is that the data contained in reqall can be accessed from more than just your
1 your welcome ;-rrb- guy still in love with madonna . lol
1 yo why i got mad old white dudes and pictures of britney spears giving bop following me !!! lol ha like wtf ! 200 out of my 28 is probably spam , lol
1 i keep having to block a certain britney spears one . im sick of seeing that . i blocked it again tonight but it just keeps coming .
1 he is in great company of people like jimmy carter . nice
1 is anyone else as thoroughly entertained by lindsay lohan ' s sporadic , wasted tweets as i am ? nothing like a good lovers quarrel !
1 what does this list of recent nobel peace prize winners tell us - jimmy carter , yasser arafat , al gore , & now obama ? fox news glen
1 absolutely ridiculous amount of traffic on 85 after jimmy carter ' ish
1 global warming . tsunamis . bombs over libya . i think what the world really needs right now is another dave matthews live album .
1 bill gates : how i 'm trying to change the world now -lrb- includes the infamous mosquito release ! -rrb-
1 lady gag is bjork and madonna ' is love child .
1 bitch walkn down the street with sum mc hammer pants on ... den bitches look like sum parachutes . . hop the wind dnt blow hard on here .
1 which horror/thiller book is a good read !? i 'm wishing for a kindle 2 , ah too hee hee . i 'm a dork .
1 lindsay lohan ' s mother wants her ex-husband to stop talking about their famous daughter , dina lohan says michael is way off base claiming
1 lol - it 's easy to see what he will always be . just like jimmy carter . only change is for the worse
1 dear haters , when justin timberlake and usher fight over you , gim me a call . sincerely , nobody asked if you liked justin bieber .
1 noel fielding can only marry the following people : russell brand or paloma faith . okay cool . glad that 's settled .
1 i 'm sorry but lindsay lohan tripped out on twitter last night !! that bitch oded , damn poor saman
1 augmented reality with yelp on iphone 3gs ... watch out star trek , we are coming . youtube video :
1 mm me against the music by britney spears ft . madonna
1 tiger woods : sports ' first billion-dollar man : $t$ first athlete to break the billion-dollar ear . .
1 ha ha . never thought of it , but he 's kinda right . question is . . is jack white as terribly authentic as britney spears ?
1 thinks ant and dec are desperate , reason for them doing wii adverts . wonder if they are having money problems poor men !
1 the wii sucks ! its fun for a couple of weeks , but you will quickly become bored with it . games on the ps3 are worlds better
1 but if you like to read alot you would loveeeee the kindle
1 now flash forward . lets see what you 're made of ! -lrb- was it wrong to register for the c5 iplayer as harry potter , born on the 06.06.66 ? -rrb-
1 be careful the ultraliberals along with barack obama are using an elution of hir for more social engendering power & larger government hcr
1 yeah . . back to it you no you need be a shame looking like a doll and helpn the children i 'm give 1 the benefit of the doubt alicia keys
1 brentdpayne i 'm seeing xxmil internal links for one of my sites :-rrb- some great updates to google
1 been playing wizard 101 . it 's a bit like harry potter , and a bit like yu-gi-oh . do n't care for the second half of that , but it 's fun .
1 sarah palin sent letterman a doz black roses in honor of karma biting him in the ass
1 he looks scarily like hilary swank in boy 's do n't cry ! : - s
1 i want a ps3 , xbox360 , psp , ds now ! but the problem is that i ca n't get that because i 'm poor and have no job : < .
1 i hope that secty . of state hillary clinton will become a worthy candidate for peace nobel in future years .
1 so , as it turns out , google wave invites are n't really '' invites '' , per say . they 're more like nominations and then google decides who gets them
1 seriously the xbox fucking sucks !!! mine is just a fancy dvd player lol
1 playing spyro the dragon on psp . i still love it !
1 barack obama is a 48-year-old grown-up man and the us president . people should n't treat him like a boy . that is malicious , crazy and stupid .
1 windows 7 usage blows past snow leopard in a week . suck it mac faggots .
1 at the park and i heard this little boy say '' you look like soulja boy ass '' to this little girl . . lmfaoo ahahah funniest shit i 've heard all week
1 demi lovato icon for bigtimedemi2 credit ; werockicons/justdancejonas .
1 who does that bitch think she is trying to out-sing britney spears ?! crossroads
1 finished my programming assignment ! tiger woods fist pump ... just like last week too . hahaha
1 rt '' george bush was such an asshole , you can win the nobel peace prize just by not being him ! '' lol rotflmao :--rrb- :-d :-d :-d xd
1 join gov . arnold schwarzenegger at the navigating the american carbon world conference april 13-15 in los angles .
1 rt kevinding : lakers beat kings , 98-95 . great game by artest , who was great on d and had 18 points and hit 4 of 5 from 3-point range .
1 why do people like anything ? why does a person like britney spears or high school musical ? why do people ...
1 charlie sheen get out here and show his ass , and get a pat on his back . chris wilds out and now everybody think he crazy !! o_o dontaddup ,
1 gaga is looking great in those pictures !
1 did lindsay lohan try to kill herself ? a rep for the troubled former child star denies it , but a report in euro . .
1 my girlfriend ca n't believe i married britney spears shocking ! so , would you like to ?
1 eer come on google , stop fucking me around .
1 just watched '' ps i love you '' on star movies . i love hilary swank ' s smile !
1 first time , i just kidding you that i 'll not let you play my psp . . but you block me and tweet something . .
1 okay that was all wrong , motogp for the wii and good fun for competitive friends as i 'm sure you have more than one . .
1 im really pissed off . my stupid ipod lost everything on it and i try and since it back on itunes and it will not read it . wtf im so mad .
1 my new favorite commercial : '' oh noooo ... you 're tire 's all flat and junk ! '' -lrb- in the best southern accent , very britney spears - like -rrb- love it !
1 i would have to say , golf because i would be rich & & famous like tiger woods & & i could get hurt up in this sport .
1 '' always remember money is n't everything ; but make sure that you 've made lots of it before talking such nonsense . . '' - bill gates . fb
1 vegan hot dogs before bedtime result in dreams of john waters ' night of the living dead . only complaint : too many madonna jokes .
1 omg ! i love google chrome with hootsuite ! not a single crash !
1 just learned how to watch movies & television shows for free on my phone & ipod touch i 'm a beast i 'll make a video for it later !!!
1 charlie sheen kisses jimmy kimmel on mouth ! : .
1 yes ! we can report spam on twitter now . hopefully theyll delete all the britney spears porno bots from following us all . getting on my nerves
1 got windows 7 . it 's nice . way better than vista
1 '' why argentina chose ` ganas ' and ` pibes ' over winning '' simon kupers odd take on argentine footy , maradona & nationalism
1 who i am - nick jonas | who i am - davis archuleta : -rrb-
1 she got that good good she micheal jackson bad i 'm attracted to her with her attracted ass
1 just seen another windows 7 ad . truly unbelievable . like the ad equivalent of wedding dancing . cringe-worthy .
1 use dabr.co.uk it works perfect on psp
1 why now way back story ? news : amazon ceo apologizes for kindle controversy - ottawa citizen
1 weneedacurefor talented famous hoes . kim kardashian could n't even make an interesting sex tape . why is she relevant ?
1 john mayer was worth standing in the rain for 5 hours . but i 'm not sure if the biebs is . maybe if i get to be the one less lonely girl ; -rrb-
1 -lsb- dutch -rsb- vegazz : charlie sheen : bieber 's never say never has beat michael jackson 's ... : vegazz : $t$ ... . mj
1 nowplaying '' google me '' ~ teyana taylor ... aka , the song i loved that everyone else hated ... . . lol ... '' $t$ me baby ... '' lol !
1 wrathlover i disagree that lady gaga is a lady : p
1 watch lady gaga 2.0 monster ball tour and watch justin live account its amazing !!! please watch it
1 oh , and reply . my lindsay lohan tweet , let 's not forget the devastation of psychiatric drugs . look at picture 4 esp .
1 i 'm on tweetdeck !!! next ? i 'll have bill gates begging me for help on his math homework !
1 trying to find news info on e . taylor 's death , saw this : lady gaga says she loves bruce springsteen , wo n't do reality television . who cares ?
1 it 's going to be a thriller ... . . india 's new mr. dependable gambhir vs d capt . cool and the dynamic ms dhoni ... who 's gon na win ?? have your say
1 musicmonday ca n't make you love me - britney spears mm
1 barack obama ' is peace prize starts a fight
1 why is obama so fast to move on libya but no slow on burma and north korea ?
1 you prefer harry potter to twilight too ?! i love you : ' -rrb-
1 bloomers is way cooler on the outside ? but it 's so cliché ? eh . if it 's good 4 britney spears in slave 4u it 's good 4 all of us .
1 sarah palin - signed box 360 starts at $ 1.1 millionmtv . comhow much would you be willing to pay for an box 360 s . .
1 '' barack obama has now fired more cruise missiles than all other nobel peace prize winners combined . '' via robert mayer on facebook & alfonsclaver
1 love my ipad : rt usatodaymoney : high hopes for $t$ push apple shares near $ 300 .
1 hmmm not sure at all about the madonna code kaballah angle flashforward
1 jimmy carter goes to other countries to monitor voting . he never says anything about the voter fraud by acorn and the dem . thats racist
1 just saw maradona slip and side , that guy is a complete joke of a coach .
1 miley cyrus is talented , gorgeous , amazing , caring , inspiring . . she 's anything but a slut . haters , you make me laugh
1 honestly , what is better than cake and harry potter ?
1 elizabeth taylor 's final interview was conducted by kim kardashian . true story | .
1 dude fuck this gay ass movie . i hate lindsay lohan
1 i love everything about her . her curly hair , her guitar , her amazing songwriting ability , her voice . taylorswift i love you < 3
1 xbox 360 : un pack $t$ 360 elite episodes from liberty city - gx-mod
1 promo 50 gigs storage , $ 50/yr personal storage backup , works on windows 7 / xp/vista . backup before upgrade save time .
1 if little kum did n't die nicki minaj might not have a career . carlosirs05_09
1 just loved britney spears ft little wayne - bad girl on hypem
1 madonna ' argues with toyboy over marriage ' | showbiz spy ... : $t$ has had a furious bust-up with he . .
1 rt lovelexaa lakers get their 1st win of the preseason over sacramentokings 98-95 . artest & gasol finish with 18 points , brown adds 17 .
1 pgn main kingdom hearts birth by sleep , tp gl punya psp . damn shit damn shit damn !!
1 so proud of barack obama and the nobel peace prize . so much more to come . bless him ...
1 i just saw it at best buy the other day on labrea - they had it for the wii , xbox , and ps3 - i need to get it too ! looks fun
1 shu people ... anyone not a fan of the ipad program ? anyone love it for a particular reason ? anyone feel like sharing ? el236
1 i know this bitch nigga charlie sheen ai n't from ohio !!!! smfh just when ohio could get worse this nigga here
1 100factsaboutme 17 . -rrb- i cried when jt was killed on degrassi . :[ _ ryancooley _ i 'm sorry !
1 iphone customer advocacy website . new petition for $t$ customers to stand united against at & t
1 this vampire craze is ridiculous . harry potter ftw .
1 resolved : the weird al yankovic gag dispute : the gag camp made a big fuss about it ... and they are n't the ... .
1 tu charlie sheen video apparently got cool mention in mx paper today . . also check this lol : .
1 sarah palin custome might outsell . political wire : not a very political halloween
1 i 'm listening to your chat but it wo n't let me type . just wan na let you know you kinda sound like lindsay lohan : -rrb-
1 ' hard times of rj berger ' stars rave about weezer , paris hilton ... : ' jersey shore ' star vinny also stops by for ... .
1 harry potter i fucking ' love $t$ . it 's the best film of all times , for me . : -rrb-
1 great night in vegas . went to a lakers v sacramento game with cvd ...
1 i hate the x factor , i hate cheryl cole , i 've never read harry potter and i 've never seen titanic . there , i said it .
1 i have fucking bad romance stuck in my head . fuck you lady gaga .
1 happy birthday to music icons eric clapton -lrb- 66 -rrb- , mc hammer -lrb- 49 -rrb- , tracy chapman -lrb- 47 -rrb- , celine dion -lrb- 43 -rrb- and norah jones -lrb- 32 -rrb-
1 purple eye diamond : birthday trip to sephora : google friend . i feel the love . hmmm . loading ... sharing is caring !! ... .
1 '' simplicity is the ultimate sophistication . '' - steve jobs
1 although george bush did more in his first 10 months - he did n't deserve it . reagan did , but reps never get it !
1 consider it done ! im in a good mood ! :-rrb- plus i see that philly ! psp all day !
1 '' mean girls '' is on television ... oh vintage lindsay lohan . please go back to the way you were , thanks .
1 check this video out -- mad television : politically incorrect - bill clinton , britney spears
1 my arms are hurting so bad because of the wii games i played yesterday . really hurting , guess i 'm getting old
1 i want a google wave account please
2 dear sarah palin : watch shepard smith if you want to see what going rogue really looks like .
1 us and russia vow unity over iran - us secretary of state hillary clinton says russia and the us will work to ensure ...
1 britney spears accused of child abuse
1 no one album should have all that acoustic guitar . rap album least . i expect it from john mayer . but then again he actually plays guitar .
1 britney spears circus sales comeback album for popular singer new album release ...
1 waveboard on the phone , google wave access slightly better than mobile safari
1 looked so hot on the daily 10 . and fyi , i 'm glad ya 'll are n't crazycakes like britney spears .
1 . . has been around for over ten years . she is the best inspiration that has ever happened to me . i am in love with britney spears . .
1 to entrepreneurs : rt jasonmcgowan : what if google does it ? . - this is awesome !
1 woods ensures victory for americans : tiger woods has holed the putt to ensure the american team will win the pr . .
1 that bitch ass fake nicki minaj page is making $t$ look bad . . on the real because it wasnt even nickiminaj who said it to lilkim
1 we all love you gaga come back to life why is lady gaga dead : -lrb-
1 ahahahahahahahahah , listening to lucky by britney spears ~
1 aaargh how how how how how did peru miss that one ! ffs argentina wc2010 maradona
1 babe , its just the way of the world ! i do n't think they can sing that well but neither can britney spears .
1 dear santa , please bring my daughters a wii and my son a kindle . thanks .
1 pure genius - the art of storytelling - uncovering steve jobs ' presentation secrets < - awesome -lrb- via eaglechris -rrb-
1 just caught up with workincolour fine blog . it 's a good article on steve jobs - it 's here -
1 heatherlybadov apple survey - what do you think of apple products ? ipad sucks ? freebies .
1 everyone needs to know i love lindsay lohan no matter what she does and she is no slut !!!!! :d lindsay = love
1 paranormal activity-inspired demon survival guide : 8 . put britney spears ' ... album on repeat ...
1 on a kindle you can not highlight or mark text in a pdf . just tried it . you can only bookmark a page and go back to it .
1 not hardly ! -lrb- somehow '' going rogue '' and sarah palin conjures all kinds of unpleasant images . -rrb-
1 hell yeah , nicolas cage and john travolta are awesome !
1 btw '' the complete guide to google wave '' is a work in progress that will be updated as it grows and changes .
1 i am a harry potter nerd ... i admit it ... otherwise , you wo n't have all the books in english , swedish , and 5 in german !! ; -rrb-
1 i bet if george bush aka satan would got ta nobel peace prize nobody would been hatin ... yeah i said it ... * kanye style * lol
1 i liked a youtube video -- charlie sheen winning at call of duty : black ops .
1 ha yeah ! too bad carlos is already going to be madonna .
1 madonna fires personal trainer | showbiz spy - celebrity news ... : $t$ has reportedly fired her longtime pe . .
1 if justin bieber came up to u in the streets and called u pretty what would u do - say thanks and walk away ... .
1 i need to go & cop me a iphone case before i fuck up my phone even more '' /
1 lego star wars the complete saga has completely and utterly consumed me ! damn this wii
1 britney spears tops list as ' best celebrity mom '
1 obama fans flames of animosity in tehran : iran 's supreme leader ayatollah khamenei portrayed $t$ as ignorant and con .
1 46 i love lady gaga ! 100factsaboutme
1 nicolas cage supports a uk nicu : growing your baby : whitten grey organic dresses teach girls that pretty is as . .
1 orlando bloom : miranda kerr ' looks incredible ' : orlando bloom stops by the ellen degeneres show to promote his l ... .
1 calling kate middleton a '' commoner '' and '' the girl next door '' is like saying paris hilton is a self-made success story .
1 leslie_ll how could you not love it ! globet of fire is at the bottom of my favorite harry potter films before order of the phoenix
1 am having trouble thinking that i actually spoke to the fiancé of sarah palin .
1 tweet ! - lindsay lohan , please stop being desperate
1 well . . i think it 's her voice ! looks annoying , don you think ? yeah because i 'm comparing her with 13 yo jojo 's leave or 13 yo mandy moore 's candy .
1 del.icio.us : goollery - a collection of awesome google projects from people around the world : .
1 madonna and lady gag on snl : `` what the hell is a disco stick ? '' oh , $t$ is priceless . what a g . .
1 no ! i use windows 7 but i still prefer to use my mac ... : -rrb-
1 someone just started following me . and their picture is a fake britney spears sex tape of britney blowing some guy .
1 rt adlercoloride lady gaga love you .
1 great info : rest steel ipad stand is large and solid : while a case or portable stand is nice for when yo ... . gadget
1 and i suppose you 're gon na tell me that wii golf is n't the same either . but it 's as real as i 'm ever gon na get .
1 that awkward moment when you date your little brother o_o omgsoawkward -lrb- via selena gomez -rrb-
1 congratsbritney love you britney . . you are amazing and deserve this !! britney spears wins this week !
1 '' be nice to nerds . chances are you 'll end up working for one . '' ~ bill gates quote awesome ... now i want a pocket protector
1 i want to kiss you , but if i do then i might miss you , babe . np lady gaga - love game : -rrb-
1 goddamnit john legend ... i did not need the glow sticks rendition of adele 's '' rolling in the deep . ''
1 perfect couples : britney spears and justin timberlake , ahh those where the days * thinks back *
1 need help using gemp with pokemon gold/silver - sony psp mod & $t$ ...
1 make a favor to yourself and listen if you seek amy - britney spears .
1 the ultimate iphone waste of time
1 would like to get a google wave invite please
1 -lsb- blog -rsb- lindsay lohan arrested again ! : www.pasadenadivorce.com $t$ arrested again on suspicion of dui and possession of cocaine ...
1 famous '' pocket god '' iphone application gives case study of how they made $ 18,000 per day !!! -
1 okay i tried to get used to the new google image search but i ca n't . i hate it .
1 loving all of joeymcintyre fans ! i love all you crazy girls ... i am just listening to joe on my ipod !
1 i have 7 promo codes for phone / ipod touch games to give away ! please rt
1 i say screw direct television i 'm going to drown my sorrows in britney spears , ben & jerry 's , and chris pine
1 nfso is sad to report that our nc rep , dave matthews , is in critical condition due to a fatal car accident involving a drunk driver
1 i love barack obama the man ... great man ... it 's the title of politician and president that i don trust ... not the man ... the title ...
1 ha i think its one of those spam things like the britney spears porn twitter
1 my bouquet of daffodils makes me smile ! add budding branches for elegance -lrb- both cheap tj -rrb- martha stewart picture .
1 mariasharapova , why do venus and serena williams both look like butch men but maria sharapova is super hot ? - .
1 love my lakers !
1 diego maradona is managing argentina ? -lrb- forgive me , i 've been frozen in a block of ice since 2007 -rrb- really ?
1 pm update has the contest entrants up to 147 for the free windows 7 ultimate dvd -lrb- full version -rrb- . great work everyone .
1 nicolas cage owes $ 6mm in back taxes . looks like he 's going to have to go out and do another one of those awful movies
1 i 'm walking to walgreens to go get a happy belated birthday card . actually no , i 'm changing first . wii boxers and john ohh shirt wont ' do
1 '' i ca n't live without you , ca n't breathe without you . i dream about you , honestly tell me that it 's over . '' - over , lindsay lohan
1 barack obama to address gay rights group : guardian.co.uk the president 's address comes as a growing number . .
1 i hate britney spears new song 3 what is it about people ! nothing ! besides she has never had a good singing voice i 'm more for lady gag ! woop
1 ificouldiwould marry britney spears real talk < = me too , i love her !
1 femmefatalemarch29 is officially gon na be britney day in my calendar ! justsayin
1 5 feet from tiger woods for min at the pres cup here in sf . stared stupidly in admiration , respect . walked away with chills of inspiration .
1 -lrb- continued . -rrb- like nickelback or britney spears ! what happened to real music ? what about that !
1 britney spears is amazing . britney is like a pop icon in my generation mainly for people who are born in the 90s .
1 2 things are annoying the sh * t out of me today : 1 -rrb- all this media coverage over that kid and a balloon , 2 -rrb- britney spears ' song '' 3 ''
1 manimony : what divorce costs famous women : from sandra bullock to britney spears , find out just how much hollywood ... .
1 long live the disaster that is lindsay lohan .
1 justin timberlake will be honored at the kids ' choice awards for his charitable and environmental efforts .
1 i just finished playing forza motorsport ® 3 with my girlfriend ... she is a better driver than me :-rrb- forzamotorsport3 xbox
1 musicmonday old britney spears , backstreet boys , and nsync . why ? cause i feel like it . ; - p
1 rt : thecoffeedesk : suck my balls apple , windows 7 is killing and our stocks are up !
1 video : stephen colbert 's '' friday '' is fun , fun , fun , fun : stephen colbert and jimmy fallon concluded a successful ... .
1 hey . . i need some help deciding if i should upgrade to windows 7 or not ?
1 a dozen flowers , a bed ov roses , cutest stories , love amazing , everything blazing me and you 2geda is like google and searching honeymoon feelings , strings . .
1 rt youhavenoteeth : fuck kobe and the lakers .
1 the ocean drowned out the intruders from our wooden bungalow . losing the kindle was the worst thing , really . our id and money , not stolen .
1 liking the new alphabeat single a lot , a fantasy league type fusion of madonna circa ' 85 and the jackson 5
1 soulja boy receives support from fellow rappers -lrb- blog -rrb- : young buck , talib kweli , and s ... . r6smokinsession
1 i feel bad for lindsay lohan . so much talent down the toilet .
1 classic performance : snoop dogg , bust rhymes , the game , t-pain , nelly & fat joe . jumparound doggumentary
1 o $t$ $t$ my guitar - $t$ swift
1 buy a kindle from amazon.com for $ 259 and help rock for kids !
1 sarah palin wondered who this al guy was who was getting so much publicity on middle-east issues . no one tell her who mr. jazeera is , okay ?
1 windows down music loud with amanda & cbaybee what will this night bring ha ! i love you britney spears !
1 emanuel ungaro had a string of failures for 12 years ... now they have recruited lindsay lohan as a design consultant .
1 harry potter and the half-blood prince drip leaked ! grocery shopping commence . this is a pretty good day . who wants to hang out after ?
1 psa : obama cant change the whole world in 4 years , bush destroyed the world for 8 years , but yall mad at $t$ , foh .
1 skeleton gaga in a suit with a humongous side pony-tail is my new favorite $t$
1 and that new micheal jackson song , i like it . if he had n't died i 'm certain he would have released one final great album . shame .
1 did anyone get through to the charlie sheen internship round 3 ? tigerbloodintern i did , need to do my video submission .
1 it just hit me that marilyn manson looks like the undead version of nicolas cage . just saying . -lrb- via deanleysen -rrb- - rofl
1 windows 7 is so much better than vista .
1 ungaro - lindsay lohan creative director ... all of the dresses look like what she herself would wear ...
2 how to present like steve jobs ?
1 hahahaah lindsay lohan is going crazy as shit at her girlfriend on twitter its soooo lol !!
1 got some cool new iphone cases & bt headsets . i love being on the list for this stuff .
1 dad has banned me from getting tattoos on right side , says lady gaga : london , mar 24 - $t$ has reve ... .
1 the money ca n't buy prize was a close game . so we 're giving a nintendo wii to runner up incredible_alc well played , mate ! << well played friend
1 no , the wii sports games seem to suck
1 i 'm really loving google wave . oh the possibilities ... it 's going to be so useful in the coming months i think .
1 oh sara bareilles music is cool . do you like miley cyrus and britney spears ?
1 you were correct on the harry potter one but wrong on this one !
1 i was obsessed with britney spears when i was young :p her new music is awful so i stopped liking her .
1 im in love with demi lovato . . help . .
1 a shiny new nickel to the person who links me to a mash-up of belle biv devoe 's '' poison '' and '' toxic '' by britney spears .
1 does anyone have an extra google wave invite ? pretty please ?
1 we all start recycling and driving hybrid cars and then spring never comes . thanks for nothing al gore . this is a much more inconvenient truth .
1 selena gomez deserves no hate . shes such a sweet girl . how can she be hated on .
1 whatsherface and barack obama : soccer extreme : `` my exit was in all the world news . i am like obama with tits ... . .
1 nintendo uk are wondrous people . they repaired my niece & nephew 's wii foc . what other company would do that with a product out of warranty ?
1 i usually could care less about nick cannon and mariah carey but i think its adorable their twins were born on their anniversary
1 i love moments where listening to an ipod makes you feel like you 're in a movie . had 1 on the dc metro with regina spektor .
1 open question : was it always barack obama dream to be president of the u.s.a ? and more ... : here are the . .
1 this reminds me when bill gates would n't publicly acknowledge that mac existed . it worked out real well then , too ...
1 5 years ago i was 8 years older than lindsay lohan , sadly now i look 10 years younger than lilo .
1 man i always love harry potter weekend on abc family . see britt_alexander , what your missing out on !
1 lagos urges residents to report outrageous charges by psp operators / vanguard / - lagos state government has ...
1 -- yeay you have a white iphone like me ! do n't you just love it ?!
1 so the new justin bieber movie is rated a 12 . that 's gon na be embarrassing , not getting into your own film .
1 the new harry potter is awesome must see lol
1 george bush today announced the end of military operations against the moon . '' mission completed '' atwarwiththemoon
1 britneyspears demo for britney/gaga '' monster '' ? : photo : entry tags : britney spears , lady gag de . .
1 even worse than jimmy carter ?
1 i feel yeah !! but do n't hate on me because i love britney spears and still like felicity ... damn i just said way too damn much . lol
1 madonna makes everything better . or worse . it depends on your point of view and i do n't wish to offend anyone by forcing my opinion on them .
1 -lrb- 6 of 30 -rrb- patrols off libya white house sending mixed messages opinion : new world of obama doctrine video : footage of libya rocket
1 porn nsfw britney spears nude by sinful comics celebrity porn cartoons -
1 27 days to the britney spears concert ... hell fucking yes !!!!
1 same here ! thanks a lot krisallen4real you got that damn britney spears song stuck in my head . lol
1 colin are you kidding me ? tom brady is the best athlete after tiger woods ? you are n't serious .
1 lindsay lohan is the reason i 'm pro-choice ... and her name is n't even worth capitalizing
1 idontunderstandwhy britney wasnt accepted when she went crazy but charlie sheen is . shaving your head & beat a car with an umbrella way better
1 i favorited a youtube video -- this psp is full bricked , how to recover
1 i 'm miss american dream since i was 17 i 'm mrs. lifestyles of the rich and famous -lrb- you want a piece of me -rrb- - britney spears - piece of me ♫
1 britney spears fans you need to shut the fuck up . you did n't even hear beyonce her new song and already saying she is a copycat . ful !
1 karlschneider love gowalla on the ipad . . for sure .
1 is sad to say that her love and admiration for lindsay lohan is slowly fading , hoping it will creep back sometime soon though
1 windows 7 is n't the only fall update : pcs get lighter , ditch dvd ... : seattle -- personal computers are changing . .
1 justin bieber is gay ? he has a girlfriend -lrb- < / 3 -rrb- . justin bieber ca n't sing ? usher and justin timberlake fought over him justinbieber
1 freakshow by britney spears ?! love it :d lol
1 i wan na watch harry potter so bad after reading all of theboywholived tweets this morning .
1 simon cowell and l.a. reid discuss ' x factor ' rumors : cowell tells ryan seacrest that the television talent competition ' ... .
1 i love lewis black , love wolf blitzer , still love obama , hate sarah palin .
1 i really like the new britney spears song '' 3 '' . do n't judge .
1 lindsay lohan does n't miss spa appointment : filed under : $t$ after an exhausting day of watching . .
1 the humbling - by philip roth - kindle edition .
1 - i 'm not a fan of lady gaga 's music/image but i like what she stands for .
1 omg . just saw harry potter and the deathly hallows . that was so great . and to think the 2nd one will be even better . yes !
1 i 'm having so much fun with this doesfollow.com website . hehehe . did you know that taylor swift follows nick jonas , but not joe jonas ? trolol
1 lindsay lohan to restrain dad '' celebrity gossip , news and ...
1 there 's always a slow person on every television show . london on suite life , hillary on fresh prince , chelsea on that 's so raven , etc . lmao
1 the awesome movie transformers : revenge of the fallen here this is it google wave this is it
1 except refs , who even announcers say look like tiger woods ! lol !
1 wow . loving windows 7 on my work and home pcs . $t$ sales exceed vista 1st-week sales by 234 %
1 just for the record justinbieberd we all now your rnot really justin bieber !!!!!
1 i hate whoever programs the music at my gym . though i did appreciate both katy perry and ke $ ha tonight , so maybe things are looking up ?
1 wishing i could live lindsay lohan ' s life for one day
1 i feel like i 'm really out of the loop , i 'm still a noob when it comes to the kindle . i have no idea what it does .
1 fucking xbox broke only 10 days after i got it fixed damn microsoft to hell rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
1 son has just announced that if he dies he is taking his psp with him ! not sure where that came from but okay !
1 i just took '' - adding parts - justin bieber and i used to date but broke up awhile back . i ... '' and got : part 14 ! try it : .
1 rr 's love update video : mandy moore shares relationship advice and talks about kellan lutz 's ... . relationship tips
1 windows 7 -- some serious problems still remain
1 nick jonas rapping in '' biggest fan '' still makes me smile like an idiot . too adorable . :'-rrb- justsaying
1 for all the itunes trouble you ran into trying to get songs from the ipod to your pc , shout for sharepod . link :
1 my 3 kids love your songs ! keep having to play it in the car on the ipod ! they do n't even know you !!! but they love yeah
1 lindsay lohan ' s dad knows everyone -- even his troubled daughter 's drug dealer ! michael lohan -- who recently ins . .
1 nisaaa24 ohhhhhmygosh :d ha thats freaking dope ! and youre not obsessed , you just reaaaaaally love the lakers
1 use windows 7 , www.connectify.me and your wireless broadband to network your pod touch while mobile . wow
1 britneyspears britney spears straddles man in new music video : the star - who is set for an eage . .
1 i suck at wii bowling
1 get an iphone , you will fall in love
1 they said ... bill gates can spend $ 1,000 every minute ... for the next 80 years . . and it wont even put a dent in his bank account .
1 nintendo denies wii hd upgrade planned for 2010
1 poor lindsay lohan . those drugs , her family f-ed her up ! i sue to love her she is a mess now . smdh -lrb- reading the mag in the check out aile *
1 i want miley cyrus 's hair , beyonce 's voice , kim kardashian 's body but mostly i just want selena gomez 's boyfriend < 3
1 $ su techwraith dareyoudevil if bill gates wanted he could say , buddhists must die and hires a million police officers to kill them
1 x17 online - kim kardashian - photos & pictures | $t$ has a ... : $t$ has a laugh at dash . kim and ... .
1 that 's just my word for penis . tired of the britney spears tweet . i do n't think she 's talented with or without one . imho . : -rrb-
1 selena likes justin 's eyes , miley likes his smile , taylor swift likes his hair but beliebers , beliebers like justin , as himself . < 3
1 cuddled up with my kindle on a lazy sunday afternoon .
1 the secret diary of steve jobs : we 're looking for two spies : sense of humor and a taste for adventure are a . .
1 i 'm curious as to why anybody would follow a spambot with britney spears sucking off some unknown dude . i mean seriously .
1 sarah palin is the best thing to ever happen to conservatives
1 deathdani in the house . welcome to the twam man ! hope you like doritos , lindsay lohan , and diapered giraffes .
1 back home downloaded the xbox update but all i got was sky player where is zune twitter facebook need help
1 bus bombing is awful . but violence inevitble with us doing nothing 2 end conflict & lobby-driven policy . obama , wake up . .
1 play more britney spears !!! i want to hear 3 $t$ again and again ... stop with lady gag paparazzi . . your killing it 4 me
1 selena gomez is embarrassed after ellen degeneres played a clip of her denying her romance with justin bieber last year on her show earlier
1 flash to iphone ... making the $t$ platform accessible to creative developers . -
1 lindsay lohan . crazy in love or just crazy ?
1 - i absolutely love britney spears ♥
1 jimmy carter gives a thumbs-up to obama 's nobel peace prize .
1 the nook , by barnes & noble , vs . kindle international & wins ??? like the $t$ but better ? see for yourself .
1 well at least we can be sure she the '' dumb bitch '' part right '' dumb bitch '' paris hilton responds to sarah shahi .
1 another championship for the lakers thatwouldbeawesome
1 hi there ! :-rrb- welcome to your unofficial source for britney spears news ! please follow and support $t$ , and cherish queen b ! < 3
1 i favorited a youtube video -- britney spears before they were stars
1 colmes and crowley / should president obama give his nobel peace prize back ? . via youtube
1 i absolutely love ellen degeneres !!! watching theellenshow and she went out of her way to dance with the girl in the wheelchair ! smile : -rrb-
1 bill gates down billions , still richest american and simon cowell has alphabet soup at his birthday although only letters used were s-i-m-o-n
1 reclaimed the xbox and have the kids for the weekend . it makes up for a lame week . booked the holibobs today too . top bombing !!!
1 i downloaded the og ff on my wii . good god i cant believe how annoying that music is !
1 welp did n't get 2c jimmy fallon oh well looks like anotha boring night 4me !! should have played drums 2nite silly me gn world
1 like vintage madonna like it thanks lilwldchld lilwldchld : '' i was always the one keeping things cool , setting the ... ♫ ~ eowvi
1 dear 15 followers ; why are you following me ? follow britney spears or maybe you can actually say '' hello '' ? - just a thought for my tweet friends
1 if selena gomez beats out miley cyrus , victoria justice , or miranda cosgrove . imma need to call up kanye west .
1 omg demi lovato interview is just so intense . she may have been really strong to tell her story . but we are all so thankful . congratulations demi .
1 how is the new britney spears song amazing ? sounds like a chipmunk , js . & it 's getting overplayed already .
1 omg but ha & others : arnold schwarzenegger , asked if he wanted to upgrade to windows 7 , replied '' i still love vista , baby '' .
1 if al gore invented the internet , i invented spell check . ~ dan quayle
1 lucky by britney spears ?! do it < 3 that 's my favorite . rt : ramielemalubay : thedannynoriega why didnt we think of lucky ?
1 if these clever people help designed windows 7 , who wants to take responsibility for vista ?
1 see i told you guys and gals , just like former president jimmy carter , that racism is alive in america . when you live in the south you live
1 lindsay lohan + cocaine = fail
1 hi , i 'm brazilian and so wanted you to know that if it were to give a name to perfection would be britney spears . love you .
1 ha . i love patton oswalt . he said barack obama is the name of a jamba juice supplement .
1 i see a pattern here ... jimmy carter , who failed his country as president , won the nobel peace prize in 2002 . tcot tlot ocra sgp p2 mob
1 john john mccain is in libya . slams the prez 4 not spending enough $ . what the hell is your problem pal ? are you running for prez too ?
1 god , i pray for soulja boy 's family . as i am sure they are having sleepless nights . hold them through this time . give them strength .
1 whatever they are doing with google talk right now-needs to stop
1 reaaaaalllly love your acting in harry potter ! why do n't you come to korea ? ㅠㅠ
1 obama is a real risk taker , pussy put all 1 seeds in the final for his bracket
1 congratulations 2 britney spears with 3 going 1 on billboard , nicely done ! britneyspears
1 i love watching wedding slideshows and counting how many pictures were taken by me . -lrb- four so far if you include a '' wii for wendetta '' framegrab . -rrb-
1 i 've seen lady gag acting with madonna being childish pop icons it was ery funny look it up athttp : / / www.youtube.com/watch?v=smrvhxzi5u0
1 sinisterissimo ! karl rove starts obama wiki . . even gregmitch says '' ha , or huh ? '' wikileaks
1 please follow me britney spears i am a your biggest fan ever .
1 israpundit '' blog archive '' barack obama kow-tows to china over tibet : we read that $t$ , in deference . .
1 im loveeee with lady gaga ♥ ☮ ♪ : .
1 hell yeah , that was my shit too !! lindsay lohan ' s first movie ... -lrb- and her best too -rrb- ... po thang !
1 i agree ! i absolutely love lindsay lohan ' s music . . ca n't say the same about her choices she 's made in the public .
1 do fans suck ? anderson cooper chats w/lady gag . why do we build up celebs and anxiously , eagerly await their downfall ? .
1 do n't confuse fame with success . madonna is one ; helen keller is the other . - erma bombeck
1 selenita12 apple survey - what do you think of apple products ? ipad sucks ? mac .
1 you worry the shit out of me . i fucking love lindsay lohan
1 had a dream that madonna died
1 ha breaking news on obama 's nobel prize . turns out it was awarded for making peace with hillary clinton .
1 fuck you chiagarcia lady gaga deserves to win because she 's amazing , she has done so well ! she deserves all those awards .
1 xbox 360 repair guide . pdf guide with pictures - extremely easy to follow instructions !
1 - omg i love coke and i love harry potter ... you suck !
1 i really want an ipad . being sensible means waiting till spring next year ... anyone not loving their $t$ ?
1 i just head miley cyrus ruin nirvana song ! you miss . cyrus should be smacked for even thinking you could sing any nirvana song . disrespect
1 ehh it 's only like a few lines . o_o andrew is better than alex & go britney spears lyrics . love that song
1 laying on my sofa and listening to '' toxic '' by britney spears . another boring day . nothing to do . .
1 seems really nice - easily set up and love the scroll :-rrb- will check your kindle review out now !
1 are people seriously gon na waste money on the justin bieber movie = /
1 just combined wii fit running with my elliptical for a more intense & super fun workout ! fun helps to stay on track , right biggestlosernbc ?
1 so i went 2 caulfield cup yesty , did n't back a winner but had 5 people come up & ask 4 photos because apparently i look like britney spears ??
1 xbox ? ffs , get yourself a proper machine like thee ps3 ; -rrb-
1 lmao , i love when they make fun of micheal jackson on south park . xd
1 i remember i used to be like , obsessed with britney spears . like , legitimate . i made a fan club for her and everything . and i was only 7
1 gave me permission to tweet this : '' jeff dachis is like sarah palin -- he 's energizing the base . '' : - -rrb-
1 i wan na go !! but i ca n't ! and did you notice how the name of the location is harmony grange and the character in harry potter ...
1 lindsay lohan is a disaster where can i find her and her exposed fanny ?
1 sarah palin voted ultimate fantasy cougar in survey of younger men : palin was named the most wanted woman by you ... .
1 lindsay lohan accuses ronson family of sabatoging romance with samantha ... . live on twitter : damn those ronsons ! with . .
1 i think the quality should be the same but i 'm wondering if i 'll be able to keep my xbox and my ps3 registered simultaneously .
1 it says its an erotic thriller ! ha ! with lindsay lohan in it ! it looks a bit creepy i might not watch it !
1 hi my name is sara and i 'm an iphone addict . where 's the cookies at this support group ?
1 just watched taylorswift13 in crossroads again . still love that dvd ??? britney spears movie ?
1 voldemort will never kill me , for he will die !!! harry potter will win and good will become .
1 so i 'll beat my meat like i 'm a fucking butcher , and i 'll punk the pussy like i 'm ashton kutcher !
1 happy with my freshly 3.1.2 jailbroken iphone that now has the capability of being a wifi access point .
1 ftr news : barack obama ' is peace prize starts a fight
1 group mail hd simplifies ipad contact managing - mario armstrong . -lrb- by brothatech -rrb-
1 you like the fake sounding sythed voices that makes them all sound like britney spears ?!? these kids can sing they do n't need it
1 a copia do win7 ultimate custa $ 320 dólares -lrb- full version -rrb- . presentão do tio bill gates . i love you even more and forever !!! ;-rrb- pc-girl !!!
1 i have 8 google wave invites ! best replies get them . -lsb- you going to post the best replies , sam ? -rsb-
1 odd that a woman whose last name rhymes with skank is so classy . cheers to you hilary swank .
1 look at it this way . at least it did n't go to steve jobs . fucking $t$ .
1 i love the music of britney spears .
1 lindsay lohan wants a restraining order against her father
1 '' rebecca black is a genius , and anyone thats telling her shes cheesy , is full of shit '' lady gaga . agora vai ter mil pessoas amando a rebecca
1 little wayne , paris hilton swap prison stories : little wayne , left , did time for a gun arrest and $t$ was loc ... .
1 miley has called nick jonas : '' my sweet inspiration '' , '' my love '' , '' prince charming '' , and '' nicky '' . rt if that made you smile : -rrb-
1 presentations : the steve jobs way or how to create your own reality distortion field
1 wake up . musicmonday overprotective - britney spears so old but so good . good morning everyone . .
1 obama agency review looks to snip the red tape : by all accounts , the government does n't operate very efficiently with ... .
1 if you ca n't get an iphone try the next best thing and go htc hero or motorola droid :-rrb- hmm do n't know about the pre : s
1 joe biden just called george bush 's house & screamed ' mission accomplished , bee-yotch ! ' before quickly hanging up .
1 musicmonday confessions of a broken heart -lrb- daughter to father -rrb- - lindsay lohan
1 rt reevosaulus : no matter how awesome your design tools are ; tablet , ipad , laptop & so on . i think we always come back into a piece of ...
1 i ruin dreams not nightmares ... somebody go listen to '' 3 '' by britney spears it 's awesome ! ...
1 and just when i thought anyone could sing a britney spears song and do it justice these twins on xfactor prove me wrong . overseasfuckery
1 i noticed last week that my ipod is heavily weighted with roots , dub & jungle . i 'm off to shoehorn some carpenters & blue oyster cult in .
1 on a real britney spears kick
1 i 've had my kindle since last christmas . traveling in an rv , space is at a premium . $t$ is now my library ! love it !
1 from twitter ... - britney spears : 3 is exploding at radio ! looks like it will be the most added song of the yeah . .
1 i am so happy the lakers are back on television . basketball season really brings my family together . we get so excited . love it love it love it !!
1 rt inibbleonclits : fuck the lakers lol . . teamceltics
1 back from the movies , i watched harry potter , so amazing .
1 i 'm watching the babysitters cllub and reading harry potter fan fiction . man , i live a truly tragic life .
1 90 's ipod shuffle cont 'd . . pharoahe 's verse on no mercy is an all timer , internal affairs is a top 10 album for me ...
1 lady gaga called rebecca black a genius . . i lost a little bit of respect for mother monster for that comment .
1 miley cyrus , i want your hair . demi lovato , i want your voice . jasmine villages , i want your smile . taylor swift , .
1 mm musicmonday sabotage - kristinia debarge , kiss & tell - selena gomez , got dynamite - demi lovato , 3 - britney spears
1 not twi-related but its -- > nicolas cage in ' the hungry rabbit jumps ' described as a vigilante-centric thriller
1 sarah palin is the ambassador of foxnews . she will meet gaddafi today to explain to him how the 60 days can help him to destroy obama
1 my friend told me that she does n't like justin bieber or miley cyrus . can i stab her with a stick ?! - . -
1 ' sarah palin uses facebook soap box ; urges president obama to boost troop buildup in afghanistan -lrb- new york dai . .
1 unbelievable , the number of bitter uneducated , state run thoughtless liberal individuals on twitter who feel the need to bash sarah palin .
1 what the fucking hell is google wave ? it looks like shit ! i don even know what to do with it !
1 20 seconds of watching emas and i want to cry because of the hosting ... going to bed with ipod ' is ' sad song ' playlist . good times .
1 the pod touch is all set for the camera - its got all the homework and sw needed to support the camera . its a pity steve jobs dropped the idea !
1 -lrb- psx - psp -rrb- heart of darkness converted properly -lsb- resourcerg games by klown -rsb- : category : games subcategory : $t$ . .
1 i apologize in advance but i find lady gaga sooo repulsive - .
1 playing xbox with chums and drinking beers , life is good . -rrb-
1 britney spears & lady gag monster -lrb- official song -rrb- 2009 : author : mrmusicalbum ke . .
1 britney 's body makes a comeback ! yours can too : britney spears may love doritos , frappachinos and all foods fast . .
1 dear google chrome , your a penis and i hate you :-rrb- kthanksbye
1 that was nice trip . 6 hours sitting on the airplane , do nothing , and just listening some ipod . that was flat but funny right ?
1 if you like harry potter , what about lord of the rings or the hobbit ?
1 it 's basically just what telecom ind . is calling an embedded device right ? basically a ds with a sim . free data like kindle is ? .
1 myhomelesssignwouldsay lakers allday
1 . i do not agree ... micah loves me the most , i 'm even and his ipod , he does n't like you at all . . that is all !
1 still watching lady gag and madonna ' is hilarious performance on snl !
1 anybodyseen how crazy lindsay lohan looking lately ?
1 made a yummy spagettie bolenaise for dinna and now im watching labor pains , it has lindsay lohan in it , its kinda funny = -rsb-
1 mila kunis and justin timberlake were perfect on television today and lady gag performed judas for the first time !
1 audio : madonna - borderline look what your love has done to me come on , baby , set me free you just keep on ...
1 aye lakers won ... :-rrb- and the $t$ haters ... off to sleep i go !!!!
1 rt money_mitch40 : lakers is the only games im watching all season ... lakernation -- fuck them , heat all day .
1 sarah palin is more popular , but mike huckabee is better liked by fox news viewers - yahoo ! news .
1 i just found > dj hero barely makes it into the uk top 20 : with football manager 2010 , wii fi . .
1 when lady gaga met larry goggle - cnet -lrb- blog -rrb- .
1 random tiger woods is one bad mothashutchomouth . he is the one kat walking this earth that can say to someone '' i 'm better than you . ''
1 miley is a really amazing inspiration ! she is awesome role model ! she is $t$ ray cyrus ! we ♥ cyrus
1 martha stewart gardening ~ a book review .
1 xbox live : slade23 is currently online . playing gears of war 2 . wave 13 of hordeon river . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 nicki minaj aint trying to throw it tonight at blakely 's lmao ^_^
1 congratulations to hilary swank ! the actress was honored by the hollywood film festival . what 's your favorite swank role ?
1 - hey rush - britney spears has 3 , 5 million followers on twitter -- i wonder if the nfl would ban britney ? - doubt it-she is n't a bigot !
1 bath news : nicolas cage to visit ruh charity day
1 the noble prize is a joke . jimmy carter got one .
1 drea0476 not you eait . you love that phone and ipad too . lol
1 cheap wii games : buy 2 , get 1 free on nintendo $t$ games target ...
1 it 's kind of sad that an incredible band like mumford and sons is trending because taylor swift did a cover of one of their songs .
1 i would just like to point out that usher calls himself a winner in '' more '' . take that charlie sheen , you copycatter
1 students learn to create iphone applications in college classes
1 indeed i must say it keeps me moist n juicy !!! mrsbawse **** love it **** embrace it ... because madonna said so !!!!
1 hahah yeah i know but the also good thing is that im good friends with britney spears ! lol | : p
1 '' a lot of people will be disappointed with this week 's results . '' ryan seacrest , i hate you sometimes . it better not be smccreeryai10 idol
1 right now listening to britney spears - 3 ... aww , i do love this song !
1 mixmysalad : guy ritchie confesses : ' i still love madonna ... but ...
1 lindsay lohan can do whatever she wants she 's not a disney star representing hannah montana ! do n't even get me started lol
1 obama says '' a good education equals a good job '' . with all do respect , i beg to differ mr. president .
1 google wave the best thing is of course the android platform :
1 i just voted '' 3 '' on '' which is the best selena gomez style ? '' vote now : .
1 i 'm not surprised . wii makes a good workout , esp with bourbon .
1 dear modern media of america , please stop using katy perry 's firework song on every fucking commercial , movie , and television show ad possible .
1 new era and i get sooooo many britney followers . lmfao !
1 nas flamed the fuck out of success . google earth nase , i got flats in other continents !
1 dar al hayat - a prize against george bush
1 uau , guns n ' roses \ o / i hate britney spears ¬ ¬ ui , bobona do fundo ' - ' huashsuahsuah euri .
1 yeah i got a ps3 and a wii i love playing online though you get to talk shit !!!! lol
1 thinks people who say that olympics in brazil is a loss for barack obama are pathetic idiots ... seriously ? grow up republicans ... cheers !
1 running always makes me feel good about myself . josh is quoting madonna over and over and he does n't even know its her .
1 nicki ? nicki minaj ? psssh no ways ! lol india arie yes dats more like it , but you ? you becoming a reason too bluembali
1 oh ... im not good at games like that -lrb- only at guitar hero experience -rrb- but i like playing wii ...
1 looks like verizon might be getting the iphone in q3 2010 ! only reason i don already have one is ' cause of how awful at & t is
1 ew worst song evverr i wish i hsad my ipod
1 every time i think barackobama has seriously fucked up i think of what america would be like with john mccain and i immediately feel better
1 rt if your idol is justin bieber so i can shout you -lsb- must be following me -rsb-
1 despicable me - trailer : cartoon brew points to the new trailer ! the guy got a wii !
1 asking tiger woods foundation 4 kultida woods to write forward to my book . praying for a favorable response . she did what my mom could n't do
1 wenyi_c yeah , that 's one of the reasons why i do n't follow them . plus , google translate sucks . : d
1 miley cyrus : like or dislike ? -- like .
1 np born this way by lady gaga .
1 oh yeah ! all of raka plays it as a break from work . or did , now mario cart on wii has taken over .
1 - selena gomez is a famewhore ! she does n't even write her own songs ! skank ! >:-lrb- selenators are pathetic from anonymous
1 kinda want a kindle . would save me some shelf space . although i would like one in color . does that exist yet ?
1 ashton kutcher and nick cannon are right . younger pussy is as overrated as they are . i kid , i kid ... oh i hope we can be friends someday .
1 jimmy carter also won a nobel peace prize .
1 ha epic ! rt '' fake_pmlee : i bet obama is as embarrassed about sethrogen , as i am about stevenlim . ''
1 i just ordered my kindle . now i 'm fluctuating between excitement and omg i just blew a lot of money on a $t$ .
1 reviewing videos of madonna concert in chili , the best experience of my life
1 i am a pc guy , but the mac commercials are sooo much better than the windows 7 -lrb- or any microsoft -rrb- commercials . always very funny and on point .
1 doesnt like or find this harry potter film interesting at all ! why is everyone obsessed with these films ?
1 neil - '' it 's easier to set parental controls '' rofl . neil loves windows 7 .
1 so i went happily '' harry potter and the philosopher 's ishi . '' i do n't know why came over me !! what ishi ?!?
1 georgia rule is funny ^ . ^ '' no good deed goes unpunished ! '' - lindsay lohan lol
1 she 's hated on a lot on sites like ocean , perez hilton and this other sites . they do n't know jo , so they ca n't judge her .
1 if you have a plan to stole nick jonas from me , i call my ninja -lrb- joe -rrb- to fight with you !! :d nickjonasdiary
1 the poll sucks anyways , obama won it just like jimmy carter won it!they 'll always b haters , infact they 've been since the start of the world
1 the gulfstream has been the alpha-male plane of choice for celebrities like steve jobs , tom cruise or john travolta .
1 jt letter : '' worst of all , the reporting has put the focus entirely on the fukushima nuclear plant . '' patent nonsense . .
1 trying twit2go . the android twitter apps are inferior to the iphone apps .
1 obama shocked by tornado damage : president barack obama says he has '' never seen devastation like this '' after vis ... .
1 ha when they grow up they 'll be just like lindsay lohan ' s mom or the cyrus dad , trust me : p
1 omg lindsay lohan looks a mess on the cover of star . poor girl . she needs to get it together !
1 i 'm watching never say never by justin bieber ft . jaden smith on vevo for phone . . two brothers supporting each other
1 i need a way to incorporate britney spears into my senior thesis . thank god im never graduating so i wont have to worry about a senior thesis
1 do i sense an oscar nom to hilary swank as her portarayal as amelia earhart ? man i love oscar movie season
1 i 'm sorry george bush is a fucking vagina and fucked everything up . i 'm sorry for anything that i 've done to hurt someone .
1 did oprah help australia tourism ? - aol travel news : oprah winfrey , queen of the talk show circuit may be able t ... .
1 gta : liberty city stories & vice city stories - psn-fassungen mit nervigen rucklern - psp
1 jeffrey has a guest over to the house for the first time ; the 5-year-old boy from next door . he was gracious in defeat at wii boxing .
1 oh hell no my xbox just froze on me
1 are you working with britney spears now ! i love madonna and britney . i want to see you in ´ ´ 3 ´ ´ video clip ! _ brazil
1 = 102800 qvc has no problem ripping off people looking to buy a wii
1 stupid ipod made me spell sex instead . wtf ? it was supposed to be : s < -- and as soon as i press send it finishes it with '' sex '' ? what ?
1 hate it when i hear that the lakers suck . back to back championships now imagine if they were good .
1 britney spears is an underrate musical genius
1 simon just said '' misunderestimated '' i am sure george bush said that before . he 's as clever as $t$ .
1 what the hell , gillette ? you take the only good commercial i 've ever seen from you -lrb- tiger woods staring -rrb- , and remove the good part ? lame .
1 how to present like steve jobs -lrb- via guykawasaki -rrb- these are lies , only $t$ can present like $t$ .
1 listening to 3 by britney spears ! love the song ! congratulations britney it 's 1 ! yeah !
1 secrets to steve jobs ' effectiveness as a speaker : minimalism , impeccable organization , drama
1 good call . i use my brothers xbox for the same reason . i know your feelings toward the wii , but it 'll be on there before january too .
1 marillapilla hehe , that would be fun , though google translate sucks for japanese . gets the grammar all wrong ! i tried for my friends birthday : /
1 monsterferrari awesome :-rrb- so you like lady gaga alot do you : d
1 great speaking tips ! rt guykawasaki how to present like steve jobs
1 it 'd be great if google supported moving the -lrb- > -rrb- go link to the left near the star , it 'd improve disability on widescreen displays
1 sleep at a time like this ? during the fucking harry potter marathon on abc family ? no way , jose .
1 thank god and pray for sarah palin . america needs more women of faith like her no matter the position .
1 musicmonday : fireflies - owl city , britney spears - 3 , lady gag - bad romance e jason derulo - whatcha say
1 ' i still love madonna ... but she 's retarded ' daily mail gold ...
1 it 's raining like crazy in dc today , tornadoes , flash flood warnings ... someone up there just does n't like john boehner -lrb- lol -rrb-
1 got a new notebook today . it 's running windows 7 and i kinda like it .
1 thank you so much for coming ! you did great . thanks for singing some britney spears for us
1 maradona you ca n't force players not to play for their clubs who play them millions and millions of dollars/pounds/euros . . so stop complaining
1 you 'd never know how weirdly shaped jimmy carter ' is head is until you try to do a cut-out
1 i will never ever turn my back on demi . demi lovato is the best ever ! i 'm a 110 % true fan ! i love you ddlovato forever !
1 back from target where you scored six wii games and the leapfrogtag jr. system for a grand total of $ 38.95 plus tax . maxxinista
1 lindsay lohan in gucci thigh high boots : $t$ looks very stylish out and about in these sexy gucci div . .
1 i sang around 1848392 britney spears songs at a karaoke last night . people loved me . even though i sing like shit . -lrb- i have no voice now -rrb-
1 the joy of psp ...
1 ashley tisdale needs more songs like be good to me , not like that & he said she said .
1 read about hilary swank being seen nude by boyfriend son . ? the problem with it . y people have problem with nudity but violence is okay ?
1 '' uh uh uh uh george bush ? oh wait -- john mccain ? oh wait -- a tea bagger ? uh uh obama is a socialist fascist kenyan moozlim . ''
1 a kindle sure would come in handy right now !
1 im tired of the music on , my ipod , someone give me good bands to listen to :-rrb- or singers groups whatever im open to anything : -rrb-
1 less than two weeks after its launch , windows 7 already accounts for more than 3 percent of computers on the we . .
1 kamu defeated justin bieber at facefighter for phone ! . .
1 been dancing round the house to justin bieber for like the last hour . ilovehimbutnotinacreepywayokay ?
1 wearing a watch i have n't set to dst . why do i even wear a watch when i use my iphone almost exclusively when i want to know the time ?
1 > from reddit : '' stop the b **** ing , he won it because sarah palin is not the vice president . '' on obama 's peace prize .
1 damn ! selena gomez got punched in the face and justin bieber flipped off fans . wtf jailbait seriously it 's like stupid to flip off fans !
1 i love britney spears , she is the best
1 hollywood stories charlie sheen denied in effort to stop arbitration .
1 the future of the iphone looks like what to you ?
1 donald trump running for president is about as foolish ... & why the fuck do they want obama to show his birth certificate . . shit is crazy
1 my brother-in-law has apple on the brain . i tell him i love my thinkpad , he says an ipad is more useful . smartphone ? just get an phone ...
1 rt omegatron : so yeah , pretty majorly stoked . i think i work with some of the most awesome people i know -lrb- and my boss gave us all ipad ...
1 britney spears sloppin on the knob like corn on the cob , seem to be following me again -_- smfh
1 i just had an image of hillary clinton with one hand on her hip and the other one giving me a thumbs up ... win ?
1 dude , i am just at the point where an xbox 360 is a real possibility . let me catch up : -rrb-
1 is n't it strange when tabloids become real life ? i had that happen the other day too , but it was about britney spears ...
1 mobile learning on a psp | the real projects blog
1 * eyeroll * the backstreet boys poster is over the one of britney spears naked . obi-wan was complaining about it ...
1 mswindows : read how windows 7 makes it easier to join a domain -
1 just watched the first harry potter movie , it 's gon na be a good day : -rrb-
1 john mccain praises ' heroic ' rebels on visit to libya . via guardian
1 its too hot . and the image of mariah carey as my desktop wallpaper is not helping .
1 i love the lakers them the only niggas i love besides ma family
1 seeing beyonce in 11 days ! super excited ! would be cool if i had phone & could twitpic from concert but ipod touch decides against cameras >_>
1 i love jamming to britney spears to make my morning better .
1 wow voyeur going off tonight . lindsay lohan looks like homeless person here . whatever happened 2 dressing up when you go out ? -lrb- via b_o_b_b_y -rrb-
1 no cameras ? gay . good thing i have an iphone !
1 you 're certainly not the only one feeling that way about google wave . it 's dead until more people actually use it anyway .
1 bell canada is coming out with the iphone tom ! this means lowered plans hopefully from rogers !
1 britney spears new song is about a threesome . but its 2 guys 1 girl ? i believe that 's called a gangbang . dirty britney . -lrb- via dramabeats -rrb- lmao
1 beamarz whass good mammaz our lakers gon na kill the fucking sacramento queens hahaha !!!
1 rihannas new cd comes out nov 23 . lady gag fame monster and britney spears the singles comes out the nov 24
1 i 'm tryna fuck with this lakers vs heat game at the thomas and mack !
1 i really need michelle obama to stop coming off air force one with a wrap
1 been watching youtube videos about google wave and am excited about it ! do all y' all like it ?
1 i 've sat here and watched the life of britney spears instead of doing my meteorology ... . i need a damn nap .
1 soporte.prosein gmail.com please give me one google wave .
1 george bush didnt do shit . . liberate who ? that was just a facade to the shit he made when he ran over to iraq ... icing to cover an ugly cake
1 soulja boy is a good rapper stoprightthere
1 -lrb- a friend from the usa -rrb- kindle readers beware - big amazon is watching you read 1984 | technology | the observer - b9y4j
1 sojohnmayer.com john mayer and keith urban join tiger woods at charity event : another exciting tiger ... . johnmayer
1 lol god no , i hate lindsay lohan and her movies -lrb- except for mean girls -rrb- i 'm just making fun that i saw that at all xd
1 hey max can you send me the cd pretty wings , love it on the bet tribute to micheal jackson
1 serisisly ryan seacrest wth with the photo and i bet that you are not the real one lols only jokein hurry up and accept mi friends recquest xxx
1 '' why kindle 2 is better than sony book reader . ''
1 okay my dad did not appreciate me putting on romans revenge by nicki minaj . god she only says the '' c word '' d : what a shock ! - . -
1 google 's interview with lady gaga has pretty awesome intro : . via nicolehering
1 totally looks like was searched about ' lindsay lohan ' on ' totallylookslike.com / '
1 how barack obama could help redeem the nobel committee 's grievous mistake , by peggynoonannyc -
1 come on bill am . on hbo i am gay and can not stand sarah palin but do n't call a woman a vagina . please do not do it !
1 ask me anything about super junior and justin bieber .
1 i fucks with yeah movement keep doing yeah thing i got sum tracks yall need 2 get on psp -lrb- philly support philly -rrb-
1 stujuuuu . . it 's better to be a pirate than to join the navy . - steve jobs - via quotivations
1 i ca n't believe i just used perez hilton lingo . ' they are gon na smash it ... it 's gon na drop tomorrow ... ' cringe
1 harry potter and half blood prince is the best ever . love it
1 mandy moore & kellan lutz : ' love , wedding , marriage ' photos ! | the ... : $t$ and kellan lutz ... . mandymoore
1 i heard hilary swank sleeps in the nude i like that alot oh yeah
1 why the fuck are they talking about if obama loves his dog or not ? theres realler shit going on out this bitch man realtalk
1 nice ! how do you like it so far ? i 'm quite the fan of windows 7 . surprising since i love apple so much .
1 you almost got me jesus i thought i was gon na have a bad day but god a new iphone instead : -rrb-
1 this is a huge deal . . especially before micheal jackson movie . . its a great honor for adam . . so excited for him . .
1 being a saint is easier than you think . are you ready to give up the martha stewart ikea twitter life and work for something real/pure ?
1 ' 1 , 2 , 3 , peter , paul & mary . getting ' down with 3p . everybody loves *** ' - britney spears < 3333 i 'm in love with this song !
1 omg ! during ' flashforward mark said '' we also gave the world britney spears '' is it a bad joke or something ???
1 latest golf news : '' tiger woods gets revenge on why e yang as us win presidents cup
1 im watching britney spears : for the record . . so far . its terrible
1 i 'm not pissed , but they should have given it to bill clinton and george bush sr. seriously -- they 've done amazing work .
1 madonna and lady gag got into the groove following their mock catfight on u.s. sketch show saturday night live . .
1 fucked up night now , other my lakers winning -lrb- 98-95 -rrb- i have nothing else to tweet about . goodnight . ♥
1 oslo 's message to world - george bush was such an a __ hole you can win nobel peace prize just by not being him
1 chazsomerss : justin bieber - aw yeh ;] .
1 new release : what passes for sane on a crazy day - by spot - kindle edition .
1 ♫ listen to ' 3 lovegame 's ' by britney spears vs . lady gag
1 i guess paris hilton hates non-rich black guys ? : remember that author , neil strauss , who last week released an e ... .
1 my house mate does n't believe i just kissed britney spears incredible ! so , would you like to ?
1 uk firm waitrose dumps fox news in protest over remarks about barack obama . good for them . they 'll gain my custom now :
1 shutthefuckup if you a artist who disses a nigga you got on your ipod . . that 's not real
1 wow just played daft punk 's stylist on dj hero just pure awesome and xfactor 's movie theme suck by people on xbox live lolz
1 have you heard britney spears - '' 3 '' ? it 's really good plus the video looks great with lots of dancing from what i 've seen .
1 stephen fry and nick hornby launch favorites fund at hoxton street monster supplies .
1 i 'm nicolas cage . my face , always looks like this : ...
1 the haag can give george bush the war crimes prize , and give him and penis cheney and torture incorp . , free housing .
1 testing and learning how to use google wave . amazing the power of integration : -rrb-
1 dear hallmark : why must we remake rainbow brite to look like britney spears ?
1 is hoping he does n't miss out on the home psp code today ! need it after watching liverpool ; -rrb-
1 nicolas cage sure doesnt like to pay taxes . earlier this year it was revealed that the star owed the government $ 6.26 million in back taxes .
1 check out '' enchantress of los ocean '' at www.phoenixquils.com . you wo n't be disappointed , especially if you enjoyed harry potter !
1 saw pictures of lindsay lohan from her shopping in nyc , looks like she 's getting fat or ran out of coke ? paris drug dealers would n't front her .
1 you can do what you have to do , and sometimes you can do it even better than you think you can . ~ jimmy carter
1 thelandpirate yeah mufucka , fuck a lady gaga , i 'll freestyle on all these white girls , we keep it nasty
1 i love my wii . ssbb is so much fun , animal crossing is even better , but ddr hottest party takes the cake
1 upset because i just remembered that the little wayne and nicki minaj concert 2mar in greensboro and im not going : -lrb-
1 lets tweet one more time ... im going to bed right now . a very long day has gone . sweet dreams britney , gag and madonna . you give me life .
1 hmm , so they sent joe to camp to keep him from clearing up team obama 's libya mission problem : -lrb- continued -rrb- .
1 watched nicolas cage ' s 2007 movie next . it was pretty good .
1 okay so one of microsoft 's '' biggest features '' on windows 7 ... meet twoup for mac and its free ...
1 did jimmy carter ever got the noble peace prize ? wondering considering his efforts after being president .
1 i really dislike nicki minaj ! fuck how you feel about it
1 all of dan 's articles are fantastic ! getting them on my kindle is very convenient as well . thanks for putting them up there .
1 i told you ! i bitched itunes out , and it was like , oh i 'm scared , i better listen to this harry potter fangirl . lol
1 new lindsay lohan video shows why marriage important -lrb- via momblog -rrb-
1 unfortunately , this headline is misleading . i did not & do not support obama 's libya policy . during yesterday 's ... .
1 it had the backing of hollywood stars sylvester stallone , bruce willis , demi moore , and arnold schwarzenegger . its ... .
1 steve jobs more popular than oprah
1 i love celebration by madonna : -rrb-
1 ' justin bieber is a little shit , his mother needs to teach him manners , and whats what . ' - my mum just said this .
1 i still love britney spears beyond words : -rrb-
1 learn how to play born this way by lady gaga on the piano . $t$
1 adobe tries to product apple to action with aggressive iphone flash failure message -lrb- daily tech -rrb-
1 no . windows sucks . and windows 7 copies apple 's leopard to achieve less . they ca n't innovate , and ca n't copy very well either .
1 i mean . . perez hilton & lady gaga are really fucking cool because they 're encouraging satan & rebelling against society : * s0 awesome
1 reminder : take our digital security quiz for the chance to win an amazon kindle !
1 lindsay lohan might be jailed
1 levi johnson , father of sarah palin ' s grandson will pose nude in playgirl . this guy is a real piece of work .
1 loving britney spears - 3 amazing song !
1 but ... you will never to be able to call me mine . madonna . i 'm nobody 's man . are you nobodies wife ?
1 np ashley tisdale - how do you love someone
1 fuckkkk this lakers game i hate traffic !
1 rt chaindawgg : i love harry potter < 3
1 celebrity smack : nicolas cage ' s castles catch up to him , owes $ 6.3 in taxes . i want his castle in bath . .
1 dj hero renegade edition for ps3 / xbox 360 just saw jbhifi selling dj hero renegade -lrb- limited edition -rrb- for $ 239.00 in p . .
1 if you feather your bleached blonde hair to look like farrah fawcett than you 're too old to wear an outfit to look like lindsay lohan .
1 lady gaga please follow me diva ? , you are amazing $t$ , i love you ♥ follow me please * -- * 9
1 how can orange say their new iphone web surfing is ' unlimited ' when it 's really only 750mb ? not really unlimited then , is it ? fail
1 same problem here . i am on firefox and windows 7 though .
1 damn britney spears with her stupid catchy new song 3 . stuck in my head and i do n't even like the song !
1 love my wii . got $t$ fit . it 's bril for me . i do yoga on it every day ! got it last year in dec before the christmas rush !!!
1 did i say that ? rt jbspitzer now playing : '' i fell in love with some bagel '' on la isla bonita . good one emspitz ! madonna
1 everything , everything still a blur - britney spears
1 i hate riding the metro sans ipod .
1 love my wii ... and i play guitar hero the most
1 nicolas cage visits hospital unit : $t$ has visited his local hospital to support the campaign to build . .
1 and nw playing ' acecombat ' on my psp . at least i can blame myself for mistakes i make here . any comment on india 's loss and ill be a loser .
1 sony help to upgrade tz series to windows 7 seems very limited and with risk . '' buy your own , do it yourself , do n't call us if it goes wrong ''
1 i 'm totally in love with the song '' 3 '' by britney spears .
1 np e.t by katy perry : -rrb-
1 you ca n't say they 're not addicting . it 's like harry potter .
1 and finally ... bloggers in the us are attributing a scar on barack obama 's head to ' secret brain surgery , ' possibly suggesting he is an alien
1 i love justin bieber . she 's my hero .
1 $ 2 for sony psp star wars edition !! with 15 umds 3 games lot 2 | 4 sold ! : see 17 more pictures here
1 amazing world heritage site photo : . . i discovered it on fotopedia heritage , a free ipad application . .
1 ... and i feel even worse waking up next to him n the morning ... this is bad ... real bad micheal jackson
1 comment on zelda wii does exist , concept art revealed by cod fish oil : it very good i think your blog have many . .
1 electric car : five good reasons to buy an amazon kindle reader braun electric ...
1 rt bv solid neekel : stupid maids threw away all my ps3 and wii controllers . i would like to kill someone .
1 john mccain in libya . better be careful before someone makes him a pow again . wait , no war declaration , oh well , they can keep him then ?
1 listening to free falling by john mayer , i love this song : -rrb-
1 biden , putin discuss trade , missile defense -lrb- afp -rrb- : afp - us vice president joe biden and russian prime minute ... .
1 from mk : tank better cover levi 's nuts all times , because ' sarah palin is going 2 try 2 shoot them from her plane when she watches this shit .
1 jakeiscool3 buuuut i do n't love harry potter . i 'm not hiding it .
1 got my google wave invite today . pretty neat-o . ca n't wait to see it on android .
1 i always forget how good freaky friday is . the song that lindsay lohan plays at the end is epic .
1 want to lose those extra few grams off my fingers . god - am unable to text on the iphone . only you can help me god . or your buddy steve jobs .
1 if john boehner cared about the '' debt crisis '' he would n't be spending money defending doma
1 thank you , secretary of state hillary clinton , for helping us resolve the feud ! =
1 khloe kardashian ' nervous on law & order set ' : by jennifer still , entertainment reporter $t$ was reply ... .
1 what , . the new mario for wii comes out today ? paycheck better be in the mailbox in the next few hours and i better get this work done .
1 i do hate charlie sheen , everybody hates him , he 's not funny at all .
1 you do n't like justin bieber ? oh hell no stoprightthere letme take off my earrings hahaha
1 there should be a disclaimer for journalism majors : warning : journalism is n't anything like anderson cooper makes it seem .
1 michele bachmann will never be as popular as sarah palin . give me one leader that would like to join bachmann in support . no one . no support
1 john legend did a cover of '' rolling in the deep '' this shit is so awkward . adele owns that song . not impressed . damn john .
1 diligent environmentalist al gore has written a new book : our choice . the ipad version pretty much utilizes its possibility in great ways .
1 took the '' the ultimate fan of 3 by britney spears '' quiz & got : omg !! you 're the ultimate fan of 3 !! what about you ? ➜
1 yeah , but more whoreish & less crazy . quinn reminds me of a young britney spears glee
1 `` youhavenoteeth : fuck kobe and the lakers . < -- inspirationaltweet
1 wow britney spears is pop and her album was number 1 also . . and ?????
1 interesting stats ... ds at 110 million units which is double the units of wii and psp dig09
1 laughing at mark doing th obstacle course on wii fit plus , think dustyspin & johnrossuk both doing it would be hilarious
1 i use to love alicia keys but she broke my heart with that baby so i had me one 2 lol
1 click this link ! and free tickets for justin bieber concert ! .
1 reply : eb games psp prices - that was me 2 weeks ago . still having trouble walking properly .
1 miley cyrus and britney spears are tied for second place when it comes to most nickelodeon kids choice award wins . .
1 president barack obama wins a nobel peace prize . seriously . what the hell did he ever do to bring peace ? they have truly jumped the shark !!!
1 paulpierce34 old ass fucker . go lakers !
1 lady in his next movie & nicolas cage is selling another castle ! wow he has a catsle . britney 's single `` 3 '' hits number 1 . -lrb- dailyfill.com -rrb-
1 kristen bell will be in astro boy with nicolas cage , who was in the ant bully with allison mack . 3doam
1 rt this is too funny : '' i get to go to lots of overseas places , like canada . '' britney spears lol
1 just wan na say souljaboy hope everything gets better for you . . you are going through a lot so ; much love & keep your head up
1 dell order still in production status . :\ but something . was already delivered : '' easy transfer cable for windows 7 '' what is this supposed to be ?
1 the britney spears effect : if it looks good and cool , all else matters not .
1 i am tired of carping from right and left , given obama 's lack of leadership i am fine with sarkozy and cameron in the lead .
1 wake up john legend & the roots feat . common and melanie fiona -lrb- 2011-03-29 12:37 -rrb- by sonic fun radio
1 search & find - gaming with the ipad ! : 25 responses to `` gaming with the $t$ ! '' hatemes4l says : october 13 , 2010 at ... .
1 is lindsay getting fat : speaking of fatties , lindsay lohan took a break from doing nothing to go shopping yester . .
1 bruno paris hilton prosecutor busted ! | celeb dirty laundry : david schubert , the las vegas district attorney ... .
1 jasoniclecht vampire 's kiss starring nicolas cage may very well be the best because of stuff like this ...
1 atlanta 's jimmy carter museum reopens after $ 10m renovation : totc_pop
1 noneck davidstevenbreaking news obamas nobel prize . turns out it was awarded for making peace with hillary clinton .
1 when george with bush did something kind of dumb & not presidential , i 'd roll my eyes . when barack obama does , i smile .
1 4 your afterellen vlog you should discuss richard gere playing opp hilary swank ... im just saying ... awkward age gap much
1 lindsay lohan tweets her heartbreak -lrb- aceshowbiz.com -rrb- - x.fr / zur
1 '' pensioners '' as a negative term started when a north korean beurocrat said that hillary clinton was acting like a '' pensioner . ''
1 basketball season who about it ? you about it ? i about it !! it 's the nba whereamazinghappens spurs -lrb- my homies -rrb- & lakers -lrb- defending -rrb- letsgo
1 i love rock n ' roll -lrb- g -rrb- britney spears ... >> > i saw him dancing there by the record machine . i knew he . .
1 i just cant fade harry potter movies . they should have left it a book . the books are amazing .
1 mr. ashley tisdale scary guy fu and where they came together sneem only suited her zac efron at the place they are perfect couple
1 if you were made with love , then you must b a mac :-rrb- love you imac ipad and the rest of my apple products that live with me !!! hehehe !
1 one night out and i sound like lindsay lohan . i need tea . fb bwe09
1 top 3 weekly lastfm artists : lady gag - 29 . britney spears - 25 . paramore - 17 .
1 stay away from overexposed celebs ! : sick of lindsay lohan and charlie sheen ? thanks to a new application , you don '' t have to ... .
1 the new wii fit plus is the funniest ever ! i just love the mushrooms and the kung fu - i 'm so drunk and i aaaache ;-lrb- bring ittt onnnn
1 fukushima fears chill obama 's atomic ambition | eric augenbraun : the president is a big supporter of the us nucl ... .
1 just gon na say what everyone knows ... when the iphone ships to a good carrier -lrb- let 's say verizon -rrb- it 's going to explode in popularity .
1 people can talk as much shit as the want about nick cannon & mariah carey but damn they making it despite the people talking . i doubted them
1 okay ... i love calling from gmail . god bless you google . feel free to continue with your targeted ads in exchange for your free awesomesauce
1 nicolas cage sues ex-manager : $t$ has filed a lawsuit against his former business manager samuel levin . .
1 medics have just left . now out of shock induced by seeing 2 young boys in red suits singing britney spears on prime time saturday television .
1 rt bigjamaal : lakers where y' all at ?
1 counting 1 2 3 omg britney spears new song '' 3 '' is in my head and i cant stop hearing it ; love it . .
1 i am so hungry but i am on my britney spears ' throw up diet !!
1 playing wii with my little sister she just cooked me though lol -- awww how cute brother sisterly love
1 ... because here yall go with this ruleofrelationships stuff . . that 's like some britney spears shit , man ! smh ! lol
1 working with google wave robot tweety . really interesting stuff .
1 stephenrevesz apple survey - are apple products any good ? ipad sucks ? mac .
1 do n't pee on anderson cooper 's building -lsb- warnings -rsb- : do n't even think about relieving yourself on $t$ ... .
1 got ta say , i found him intriguing at first , but now that charlie sheen is blatantly exploiting his own madness , i 'm done with him .
1 glittergaga i love you lady gaga
1 i 'm following britney spears from now on . i do n't give a damn about anything you say . -lrb- :
1 hi , is this the real nicolas cage ??
1 - andrea is britney spears in this bitch
1 1st gwyneth paltrow & jimmy fallon . now live tyler & $t$ ?! best ever !
1 ga . airport renamed in honor of jimmy carter ; debate had stirred ...
1 quaid and sheen : dynamic or disastrous duo ? : randy quaid wants to join charlie sheen 's ' torpedo of truth ' tour . ... .
1 oh how i hate britney spears porn bots . -lrb- via itsyurim -rrb- -- same here
1 i 'm like micheal jackson i 'm about action when i beat it !!! :--rrb- im in my bag right now
1 bill gates was a trust fund kid who could take risks because he knew his family wealth would insure he would never truly go without ...
1 the more i think about it , the more i am realizing '' right fitting '' works a lot like psp sales when i worked at best buy .
1 i hear obama is to receive a '' razzie award '' for worst president next to jimmy carter .
1 being really productive on windows 7 -lrb- running on my new mac -rrb- gtd
1 lindsay lohan is looking to get a restraining order against her dad ... details coming soon !
1 as obama would like to say , my entire country 's production will decrease over the next 8 hours . quarter final time . lets beat the aussies !!
1 beforewehadjustin we had the jackson 5 who begat justin timberlake who begat aaron carter who begat jesse mccartney . pop music . good grief
1 my best friend has a 32gb ipod touch . loves it . can connect 2 wifi automatically if you have at & t wifi account . great reception .
1 we 've had technical problems with video for madonna v . contest . now is fine . check it out :
1 watching britney spears : for the record . :-rrb- this is good shit . can watch it over and over .
1 i mean , john legend has a nice voice and all , but just ... no . do n't fuck with adele .
1 ipad looks awesome and such , held it today in my hand -lrb- had a training at work for it nyaha -rrb- b that made me realize i don really need it xd
1 oh and greig off flat a got robbed the other day aswell , laptop , phone , wallet and psp all gone . he managed to block his new bank card
1 high fashion seems to be opting out of models ... madonna for louis vuitton , lily allen for chanel . explanation please
1 windows 7 : slightly less crappy than vista
1 my cousins ringtone is hiam and i laughed when it started playing and she was like '' what ? i love britney spears '' -lrb- :
1 twitches ! check this out . . went to heaven seeing madonna and gag together : -rrb-
1 quote me : lindsay lohan says she 's learning
1 if you pass san luis obispo , you may find the madonna inn nicely tasteless , or there 's a cactus museum on the edge of vegas : p
1 normal teenage girls love justin bieber . if you 're one of those girls who do n't like $t$ there 's something wrong with you !! : o
1 '' finally i wo n't be the worst president in history -- jimmy carter . '' from the revolution video :
1 beyonce ft shakira : beautiful liar - beyonce ft . $t$ - beautiful liar - 4435 free files . : rapidshare beyonce ... .
1 watching john mayer 's '' storytellers '' . answering some questions i 've had since i was 16 .
1 wow congratulations to britney spears for having her new single debut 1 on billboard !!!!!!
1 john and edward + britney spears song = cringe . :| olly is the best so far ! and joe : -rrb-
1 tiger woods whines like a baby if a camera clicks so he can hit a ball sitting on a tee . a-rod has 70k people screaming and jacks a 2r homer
1 i really do not think i look like khloe kardashian ... the hair yeah but besides that ...
1 i liked a youtube video -- rebecca black - friday -lrb- charlie sheen official review reaction -rrb- .
1 i like britney spears but 3 is just bad
1 bill gates is laughing . he might even throw a party if this hits primetime news .
1 nicki minaj is a freaking monster
1 alright , got me sky on my xbox now . that 'll go nicely in my new ' den '
1 the x factor twins annoy me even more than simon !! they 're awful . tone deaf britney spears song d :
1 just wanted to let you know that i just got home to find my roommate blasting '' home life '' on my ipod speaker ! love that song !!
1 rihanna defends britney 's vocals : rihanna has responded to the critics who say britney spears ruined the remix oh ... .
1 check my bestfriend 's video out , lol -- katy perry 's firework -lrb- requested -rrb- by rochelle evangelist . via youtube
1 my boyfriend thinks i just married lindsay lohan excellent :--rrb- well , would you ?
1 hahaha park ridge is an insanely bourgie upper-middle class suburb of chicago . home town of hillary clinton .
1 is lindsay lohan the world 's worst jewel thief ?
1 tiger woods leads exult for sport 's inclusion in games - golf has a tee time for 2016 , and $t$ can hardly w ...
1 are at & t users vulnerable to that ssh hack ? i 've never been able to establish an ssh connection with my iphone over at & t 3g/edge
1 sifyguy ritchie calls madonna `` retarded '' sifyit seems guy ritchie is not too sure about his feelings for ex-wife . .
1 do n't waste your time ... its still the iphone for now , , , the only thing that will kill the $t$ is the death of jobs ... .
1 you know what i love ? finishing english papers in record time ... with the help of britney spears music , of course . ; -rsb-
1 lou dobbs is funny choking up on the hillary clinton interview . try this on lou , obama / clinton in 2012 ... clinton / ?? in 2016 . .
1 box games : dj hero for box 360 , ps3 , wii and ps2 | game review | gamewitz
1 gop fair warning -- choose another non-conservative like john mccain , and conservatives will bolt ! do that again , and we lose .
1 watching oprah & goldie hawn ... . please remind me to never get botox in my lips . or boobs . is that an option ?
1 buy the ps3 version , then you can chat with your xbox live friends while you play it .
1 let 's go sister madonna ! you have 7 hours ! last time she did ironman was in 2006 at 16:59 - cheer her on !
1 i hate lady gaga no offense $t$ fans : s
1 i just took '' your justin bieber 's best friend but you get kidnapped ... what ... '' and got : the next morning ... ! try it : .
1 mary kate and ashley olsen launch sunglasses range for spring 2010shiny styleafter lindsay lohan ' s tragic fashion . .
1 nintendo wii package # 199 at dixons : check out this nintendo $t$ special offer package at dixons : nintendo $t$ see . .
1 my google mobile voice search sucks . i said sebastian pinera , and it $t$ '' how to canada '' am like , huh ?
1 justin bieber , thank you for being you . thank you so much for making selena gomez smiles and laughs a lot . welovejelena
1 : youtube ➲ steve jobs extraordinary message ; paramount 2 succeeding in life !
1 reggie says new super mario brothers . wii will outsell modern warfare 2 gaming target
1 selena gomez : '' who said you 're not perfect ? '' me : '' miley cyrus said it yo bitch ! but you a ' miss perfect ' , never done a mistake huh ?! ''
1 ha i like it -lrb- : i was listening to britney spears all i wish -lrb- this year -rrb- xd
1 guitar hero world tour game only nintendo wii complete : us $ 8.99 -lrb- 1 bid -rrb- end date : monday nov-02-2009 11:02:55 . .
1 lindsay lohan - lohan denies stealing accessories
1 so now ghadaffi can stay , until tomorrow when he must go again . obama is nothing but a rank amateur $t$
1 looking to join the prestigious ranks of charlie sheen , chris brown and mel gibson , nicolas cage was arrested for ... .
1 i also need someone in gearbox to play with me in borderlands ... i am an xbox achievement whore .
1 bloggged the amazon kindle cover - protect your investment : -
1 why , were you listening to britney spears and you are worried you coffee is going to taste like shit ?
1 souljaboy do his thing though . . ca n't fake . . i do be on that pbs . . pretty boy swag !
1 hillary clinton praises russia over iran crisis - telegraph they are all so fake
1 on the xbox love using twitter
1 '' britney spears got her 23rd baby right now '' from the movie click ... cant help but laugh ... hahahahhaha
1 hollywood festival to honor hilary swank
1 actors ashley tisdale reunites vanessa hudgens and zac efron -- kinda , sorta . zacefron
1 disney turns to apple 's steve jobs to spark retail magic : as disney attempts to get more aggressive in the reta . .
1 damn dats fucked up . . just wan na mess with shit . . do n't know what they gon fuck up next . . micheal jackson is up on the moon . .
1 i love lindsay lohan . i saw all her movies , just because she was in them
1 contrary to what spammers seem to think , i do n't actually want to see naked photos of britney spears . sorry , nude dudes .
1 onoes lin !! think lindsay lohan should put down her keyboard and slowly back away fromtwitter ? yeah . me too !
1 but your such a fake , wish people would stop following a fake harry potter , scar on the back of a cereal pckt was it , yeah .
1 3 - britney spears i like that song ! -lrb- :
1 hillary clinton praises the courage of britain 's troops -lrb- daily mirror -rrb-
1 yep i know im in the twilight zone when jimmy carter speaks ! clairecmc he is a big liberal just like you ? optea p2 tlot liberals tcot
1 michael jackson , kate gosselin , sarah palin , bernie madoff , lady gag , & britney spears are the most popular halloween costumes .
1 on the bussss . so all i have to do for homework is read ! i 'm so happy ! well listening to 3 by britney spears on my pod : d
1 kj mullins madonna wins in leaked wedding picture case : $t$ ' is charity will be getting a large chu . .
1 jimmy 's tweets from friday : -lrb- sorry for delay , twitter was overloaded ! -rrb- jimmy fallon played '' random object ... .
1 obama has brought us into a 3rd war with a mulem nation ! that was a huge mistake !
1 oh how i love harry potter .
1 valdiskrebs only kindle dx can do pdf natively . trivial to convert for k1 and k2 , though . the b & n nook can do pdf natively .
1 estrella archs does n't do a bad job designing without lindsay lohan
1 at kid 's talent show instead of seeing weird al talk about his book . sitting in satan section though i doubt i will need to shout it .
1 skoool homii are clowz they waz like no school wednesday im playing my wii all day
1 thanks for the rt . texas is important in getting sarah palin elected . have you joined her facebook page ? election headquarters
1 '' standardnews : i 'll be bike : arnold schwarzenegger praises ' brilliant ' boris johnson scheme . '' great french idea ...
1 wong jing 's jet li movie -lrb- plus jackie chan spoof -rrb- high risk references chuck norris ' invasion u.s.a. and arnold schwarzenegger 's raw deal .
1 just watched face off . love john travolta and nicolas cage in this movie ! john t , you can do more than dance .
1 tcot teaparty us reviewing nuclear arsenal with eye to new cuts -lrb- ap -rrb- : ap - the obama ... . .
1 hillary clinton says iran must start behaving like a '' normal country '' . it 's probably suffered enough without turning into belgium .
1 lol ! in youtube are so mandy do n't hate demi lovato vieos . . i 'm asking me why cause just a few people are hating her like every star : d
1 in vegas for lakers game :d thanks justinehallmark for the tickets , and work for the day off . so excited muchlove go $t$ !!!
1 laugh break : sn friend corey booker in squabble with conan o'brien . rescued by service supporter superstar hillary clinton
1 church with the family , cowboys football , tiger woods ... looks like its gon na be a good day !!
1 i love how joejonas is always nice to people even though they talk shit about them . like perez hilton .
1 sexy !!! jaja i love you with all my heart justin bieber ♥ ♥ .
1 '' my tears are turning into time i 've wasted trying to find a reason for goodbye . '' ~ lindsay lohan . ' over '
1 help me in this ipod gamemy student id is 601416108 . find me and join my clique :
1 i don understand how anybody in their right mind can support sarah palin . she is dumb
1 got upgraded to windows 7 on my work computer . i have to say ... i really like it . a lot of viewing options , and pretty versatile ... cool .
1 saw pictures of lindsay lohan damn baby what happened ?
1 musicmonday and then we kiss - britney spears
1 must be strange dating someone like shakira . does pique ever stop thinking , ' wow , that 's $t$ laying cable in my bathroom ! cool ' .
1 100factsaboutme 77 . want to meet with selena gomez .
1 lol y you so excited , you didnt even read the book yet . the twilight & harry potter books owns the movies .
1 hahah , because i tweeted lindsay lohan that she 's on crack and apparently liking danny gokey is also a crime . lol ! people need lives !
1 itbetheones like britney spears who be spammin my shit ! no , i don wan na watch yo fuck video !! ... block block block
1 listeningto 3 - britney spears :-rrb- it 's amazing : dd
1 enemy >> guy ritchie breaks silence on madonna : ' i still love her but she 's retarded '
1 it was only a matter of time before that dimwit sarah palin attempted to spread her poison to the literary culture . vomit . vomit . vomit .
1 naetoopretty lol . . they be following too . . talking about '' see britney spears suck a cock '' lmao * lmfaooooo omgg you too much !
1 britney spears , oh how i love you ... concert soon ! who else is excited !?
1 to hell with all that ... i 'm a proud owner of an iphone . yes we have questionable service but everyone does . get up off my $t$ .
1 in other news , britney album tomorrow $t$ album tomorrow $t$ album tomorrow $t$ album tomorrow $t$ album tomorrow $t$
1 random apple users complaining about apple 's new itunes sucking ; snow leopard os internet sharing sucking , magic mouse sucking . go windows 7
1 forex forextrading apple boosts ipad distribution , stock should sniff $ 370 -- great ... : apple ha ... . fx exchangerates
1 kings vs . lakers ???? is that even fair to the kings ? who the fuck . . the kings ??? bye ! i mos definitely . will b tuned in tonight !
1 i always at least have '' unison '' on my ipod . : : weeping quietly into my sleeve : :
1 damn it i hate iphone typing .
1 justsayin , but i 'm pretty sure if al gore had been voted potus a few years back , we would be better off as country right now . imo .
1 hahahah yeah and harry potter out this bitch
1 my xbox quit reading games , cds , and dvds completely , just fucking great it 's not even a year old yet
1 kalo suara aku kayak dulu pasti bisa nyanyi empire state of mind version alicia keys : -lrb-
1 all of the awesome in the world is eclipsed by the roots , stephen colbert and taylor hicks performing '' friday '' . fun
1 awaken your inner harry potter . the wizardly wonderful magic wand has just arrived at firebox :
1 nadine coyle ' hires madonna ' is pr ' : to help launch her solo career
1 * charms a pole to show up * another one my lord : freakshow by britney spears * dances on the pole * let 's give them a ; -rrb- freak show
1 damn fucked up ! let 's go lakers !
1 `` the problem with the barack obama administration is not its policy of containment , its biggest problem i . .
1 i am proud to say that i do not follow even one kardashian . but i do follow numerous harry potter rpers . lol . obsession ? i think not .
1 '' i dare you to fuck martha stewart '' - courtney cox to david arquette on the howard stern show april 14 , 2011
1 rt stefanw scary : '' amazing list of every google product and how much we depend on them '' simplyzesty .
1 relaxing with homie mo while he play the xbox about to get like my brother chuckie yeah digg jerk the cell
1 going to sleep . ergh i 'm so sick . my throat hurts like britney spears ... extremely crazily .
1 you mean lol . sellingsex this time in 2008 , sarah palin was hugging and kissing levi as the family man welcome into palin 's white house ...
1 9 -rrb- i love listening to taylor swift 's songs when i 'm in love because they are so true
1 al gore is worried about global warming , well he should tell obama to keep his mouth shut then ...
1 took them long enough . now i 'm excited i want a wii sytem so bad now i can get one .
1 lol sheesh lol rt kiaamoniquee : i see them laker haters are back ! -- > inibbleonclits fuck the lakers lol . . teamceltics
1 gagajess love you so much . . : d lady gaga
1 times lindsay lohan slams jewel theft accusationsindian expresstroubled star $t$ has rubbished reply . .
1 gmaallovesyou ha thanks omg i cant believe you didnt comment about my harry potter tweets today i was being a tweetin fool ha
1 lakers where y' all at ?
1 il give it to her like , madonna does have a decent body !
1 britney spears and lady gag should go on tour together . i know feeohhnaa would like that very much
1 now shes singing me hannah montana . and toxic by britney spears . im so serenad . but the best one was jason mraz im yours .
1 wednesday marks birth of controversial obama : as of wednesday , president $t$ 's health care overhaul is one ... .
1 nowplaying miley cyrus - bottom of the ocean love this song < 3
1 playing wii fit and getting dinner later . not in a good mood so no calls , no texts . .
1 apparently , lindsay lohan finds acting `` monotonous '' ... i did n't even know the crazy bitch was still acting ...
1 nicki minaj is my celebrity crush ! wowsh ! oritse x
1 your best news justin timberlake and mila kunis in friends with benefits star gossip - >> .
1 today in 2002 , jimmy carter won the nobel peace prize for his effort to find peace in international conflicts and to advance human rights
1 clean break - kindle edition .
1 it 's official : george bush was such an ass , you can win the nobel peace prize just by not being him
1 so proud of britney spears for her new single '' 3 '' debuting at 1 !!! check out a sneak peek picture from the music video ! : tweetphoto.com/e7aff0
1 check this video out -- demi lovato - do n't forget . via youtube dianafatalla
1 a million examples of -lrb- well ... 119 slides of -rrb- web-based amazingness , from google - . - stunning stuff .
1 good grief ! when did hilary swank get so old ?
1 oh fuck you lucky . making a charlie sheen joke . you 're not winning and your blood is filled with faggotry .
1 lady gaga problems with hair loss .
1 wonderful quote by steve jobs , i really love that speech ! my best youtube moment ever : - d
1 american secret agents on american presidents : no surprises , jimmy carter is worst
1 charlie sheen should market an energy drink called ' rant fuel ' . flavors : terrestial warlock , uh winning , tiger blood .
1 saw the edward munch exhibition yesterday in the national gallery , haunting stuff , the madonna was the highlight
1 per öhlin citerar steve jobs : '' you know a good design when you want to lick it . '' nextevent
1 hey maher , is hillary an ugly ' twat ' ??
1 it 's times like these i wish i had a kindle or something similar ! i have catching fire in book form , and i want to read it !
1 xbox live : angielo is currently online . playing gears of war 2 . public execution on jacinto . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 last night in a move 2 anger america 's conservatives , president barack obama had better sex than you did tcot
1 just received '' the presentation secrets of steve jobs - how to be insanely great in front of any audience '' by carmine gallo
1 katy perry on how i met your mother was so good !
1 me and my friends just closed out a bar . a karaoke bar , where the last song of the night was toxic by britney spears sung by a big burly man
1 bought a book on sarah palin . it says how a hockey mum turned the political establishment upside down . god changes things . =-rrb- -rrb-
1 kris jenner slams khloe kardashian for gaining weight : as jenner sees it , her daughter 's weight gain makes her a ... .
1 steph_buggera you got an ipad ? awesome . are you in heaven ?
1 ' report : pbs to air reality special featuring president barack obama -lrb- reality television world -rrb- . .
1 barack obama praises senate committee 's endorsement of health care reform - telegraph.co.uk
1 i ca n't believe miley said '' curse you taylor swift and your bonus track '' on hannah montana . that 's just really mean ...
1 listening to old madonna song on the radio ... lady gag is no $t$ ! $t$ was better than lady gag then and she still rules
1 anyone find it amusing that britney spears ' new single '' 3 '' is 3 minutes and 33 seconds long ?
1 hey let 's to do new york rock with 3 by britney spears ? go and play all day long britneyspears3
1 i think selena gomez is pretty , but i do n't like her . . i think she 's a cutie - justin bieber about $t$ 22 , 2010
1 wii safer than box 360 in holiday war : is $t$ has faltered in the first half due to lack of top game titles , ho . .
1 open question : how old is taylor swift right now in this year ? : . yahoo answers
1 entertainment weekly '' 28 most subversive comedians '' : 27 men , +1 joke entry sarah palin :
1 this big time rush and snoop dogg song '' boyfriend '' is a agitating ! like stfu , we do n't gaf ! stupid bastards ! no one wants to be with you !
1 at sentosacove . enjoying the cool breeze at the balcony with sister and listening to mariah carey songs . she 's awesome !
1 watching '' freaky friday '' now makes me so sad for lindsay lohan
1 justin timberlake : friends with benefits is a good idea ... until it is n't : the actor tells ellen degeneres it 's ... .
1 lol right here rt bigjamaal : lakers where y' all at ?
1 just watched boys do n't cry , starring hilary swank and chloe sevingy . such an remarkable film , truly ! ca n't believe how gripped i was !
1 you got google wave ? well , well , well
1 why is this likkle fool writing me a list of games he wants for his wii and psp . . he thinks because im his brother i will fork out over # 200 for him
1 i really hate britney spears new song .
1 i love this song '' one kiss from you '' - britney spears - album : oops i didt it again
1 perez hilton - diva demands : britney spears edition ! : to be fair , none of these are crazy unreasonable - but sti ... .
1 har mar superstar - tall boy ; originally written for britney spears . dance pop swiftfm
1 whats going on with charlie sheen ?! $t$ thinks the deck is stacked against him in his holy war with ... .
1 what is your favorite lady gaga live performance ?
1 herbarium sounds like something out of harry potter
1 bad romance ? idk , its okay , not awesome ! you have 2 listen 2 it least 3 times , so like that you like it . not an instant smask like 3 - britney spears : d
1 its madonna against the world and only taylor swift can stop her
1 shiny new notebook !! i love windows 7
1 why only 41 on kindle bestseller list ? book is perfect to read in nuggets during boring meetings .
1 twitter is pretty useless for seo purposes . it will not create a google wave unless . .
1 i fucking hate ryan seacrest . -lrb- i do n't even know if i spelled the bitches name right . -rrb-
1 love that show jeff you the man !! live your book as well . bought it on kindle 4 phone and off audible.com . great read . thanks
1 -- 1 . britney spears - 3 -- 2 . miley cyrus - party in the usa -- 3 . shakira - she wolf -- 4 . beyonce - video phone -- 5 . paramore - ignorance
1 britney spears and michael bubble make strange bedfellows atop the charts with ... : new york daily news by joe d . .
1 i ca n't believe how much katy perry is trying to be like lady gag in her new video beoriginal
1 at ihop with mother and best friend . lol she got mad because i was playing my psp .
1 the greatest film ever made , the glorious crossroads -lrb- yes , the one with britney spears -rrb- , is on . uhoh , they just started singing
1 in 2006 she told everyone in d music today britney spears fan club that she had special connections 2 larry rudolph .
1 a guy thinks that john mayer deserves the womanizer title . do you think so ? - $t$ - vultures .
1 off to round table to pick up some pizza !! just got wii resort !! i 'm blessed !! thank you god !!
1 watching some tomfelton and the whole wizard gang in some old school harry potter sorcerer 's stone . . i love ron
1 - open question : who was really more deserving of the nobel peace prize : jimmy carter or barck obama ? -
1 in order to cure the stupidity that had infected their country after sarah palin visited , india needed billgates ' visit as an antidote .
1 oh yes and i am loving my updated iphone ... love
1 zakbeganslover on abc family at 11 harry potter is on right now . its the one with robert pattinson in it : -rrb-
1 who knew it could be so frustrating trying to load photos onto an ipod nano ?!
1 why is this fool walking round here with freaking mc hammer pants on . help me lord this style ca n't be coming back ... smh ...
1 . . just back from seeing harry potter ! . . was awesome !!! . . :-rrb- need to watch 6 again though . lol . .
1 i just watch harry potter for the accents suckerforbritishaccents fb
1 okay man thanks for the advice . the iphone is so expensive do n't you think ?
1 pointless comment , but just want to say that i really ca n't stand hilary swank .
1 i love britney spears ' s '' touch of my hand '' ... it 's so beautiful ... it 's about '' self-love '' , & it 's so beautiful and powerful .
1 you and the naps ... by the by i was thinking since you already getting a ipod the one i might get you should go to me lol
1 obama winning nobel peace prize for not being george bush ... bwahah ... bakit ganun lahat ng op-ed ... wala man lang nag-congrats ?!
1 i temporarily followed lady gaga just so i can say '' you suck ''
1 i just really got ta point out how beautiful lady gaga 's voice is ; when she is + is n't singing . she has the most cutest personality ! love her xx
1 might do nanowrimo next month -- britney spears : an autobiography
1 dazzling superstar lindsay lohan gets her picture taken by paparazzi
1 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ creeping but it do n't matter because i ai n't justin bieber .
1 i love jimmy fallon ! donald trump : ' i killed osama bin laden ' - sneak peeks - late night with $t$ . via addthis
1 trampoline time , with my ipod and ihome . i love listening to music while jumping its fun .
1 right now i 'm playing call of duty 4 : modern warfare on the xbox 360
1 obama `` ineffectual , invisible , the weakest president in history '' . evil president limp penis tcot evil teaparty
1 iphone - operated car : the spirit of berlin is an $t$ - operated dodge minivan . researchers from t . .
1 via mikeallen 's morning playbook : '' obama says he does not have an ipad . ' i have an ireggie . ' '' love it . -lrb- get it ? love it ? crack myself up -rrb-
1 3 - britney spears e two is better than one - boys like girls musicmonday
1 she got that good good she micheal jackson bad and im attracted to ha with ha attractive ass . ...
1 zach & i both love the new britney spears song ... least he 's man enough to admit that !!!
1 - i hate it when someone says that they r a harry potter fan & they 've only seen 1 of the movies . like no , you do n't even know what 's going on .
1 the great barack obama conundrum : and suddenly we come to the crux of the problem : what shall we do about barack ... .
1 looking back over the obama nobel peace prize farce , what the hell did comedy jimmy carter get one for ?
1 sarah palin enjoys considerable support among libertarian republicans , libertarian independents giving her second look
1 fact zaynmalik owns a jumper with katy perry on it : ' -rrb-
1 the wizarding world of harry potter in florida le premier parc d'attraction au monde dédié a $t$ en floride
1 smh on the eve of a classico im seeing pictures of pique distracted by shakira ... wonder why i don fuck with these spanish niggas
1 lauryn hill , norah jones , adele , john legend , chrisette michele , michael bubble , estelle , sade . best playlist ever
1 lindsay lohan to quit acting for fashion : the 23-year-old beauty now wants to move into fashion and is shifting . .
1 my msn is vlg.cat hotmail.com connect with me , you like harry potter o crepusculo o another thinks ! =-rrb- xoxo
1 rebecca black we do n't hate you because your famous ... your famous because we hate you ~ charlie sheen
1 i agree !!! thank lindsay lohan -
1 john boehner , mitch mcconnell mount assault on health care law : a year after president oba ... . .
1 so like im fucking trippin out because i just realized i love britney spears ... lmao damn im woohoo .
1 ima micheal jackson bad . and he attracted to me , with my attractive ass :-rrb- ...
1 rocking ' out to 3 by miss britney spears bay-beeh !!
1 judge threatens lindsay lohan : $t$ faces jail unless she attends compulsory alcohol rehabilitation see . .
1 britney spears best mom in showbiz . hey samhilary what the heck is wrong with you people ? do n't you have tmz.com ?
1 no one can help me with finding the video , that justin bieber tweeted with a video of a girl who had been bullied ??? please . . stopbullying .
1 linesinspiredme do n't listen to all the people who hate - miley cyrus
1 pubtwiz 54 - who is the best known uncle of moviestar nicolas cage ? first and last name . please answer via deathmatch and qualify 4 our $ 100 final !
1 hilary swank on the today show . she slurs her s 's . she has a speech impediment . wow
1 here you go . smh . rt bigjamaal : lakers where y' all at ?
1 exclusive photo of lady gaga as candy warhol ! '' free , i feel free ! '' . rt ! .
1 the danger of obama 's dithering : his foreign policy brings to mind jimmy carter , or perhaps ethelred the unready . .
1 oprah winfrey , kate buck jr. and martha stewart have more in common than meets the eye with kate 's new prol . . via sfgate
1 sick of sarah palin , glenn beck bogus books topping the charts ? buy helen thomas 's new book . .
1 britney spears ! i love you
1 picked up the snow leopard family pack upgrade at lunch . 5 upgrades = $ 50 . windows 7 family pack : 3 upgrades = $ 150 . tco on mac : win fb
1 tiger woods the gold medal winner bit.ly / 2godmt nice !!!!! but they should bring women 's softball back
1 that new nicki minaj britney spears and ke $ ha song is kinda ill not gon na lie nohomo though
1 britney spears - 3 , is set to be 1 in america & if so she will be the first artist in 3 years to debut at 1 -lrb- : news i like to hear -lrb- :
1 did lady gaga really filmed last night show in milano for the monster 's ball dvd ??? that would be amazing !!!
1 i 'm feeling a lazy rainy day . homework and harry potter !
1 i do n't know why i 'm dissing the lakers tonight but fuck them lol letsgoheats
1 yeah i just updated to windows 7 on my pc desktop and its pretty cool but i love my mac and i have only had it for two days lol
1 found4u lindsay lohan ' s lovelorn twitter tantrum : yourtango despite the couple 's complicated his . .
1 imagine the outcry if george bush won the nobel
1 i just heard that tomorrow reported that britney spears was found in a new york hotel dead from an apparent overdose ! = 0 -lrb-
1 i wonder if kentuckybadgirl is related to britney spears ? that 'd be pretty cool . = -rsb-
1 new videos on profile they are : micheal jackson , with friends , & latios so funny strong language so beware all you little ...
1 take enough rock to leave another grandcanyon , and use the rock for a giant statue of britney spears . she is so rocking , love yeah .
1 the estranged father of sarah palin ' s grandson will be posing for playboy . that will show them .
1 im charlie sheen ; cause bitch im winning
1 just did my nieces nails . cziara whips her hands out & says '' tita i want pink ! '' britney spears - 3 on repeat .
1 waitrose dumps fox news in protest over remarks on barack obama
1 right here rt bigjamaal : lakers where y' all at ?
1 when charlie sheen goes out to eat he does n't order . the waiter just automatically brings him a big steaming dish of winning
1 check out the latest news from my professional page developments the upgrade experience for windows 7 -
1 listening to '' like you 'll never see me again '' by alicia keys - never take a day with your loved ones 4 -lrb- ... -rrb- .
1 hey you . hey you , ' britney spears sucking cock spam ' . do me a favor : go suck some cock and stop following me
1 just made an impulsive splurge buy and got a wii . :-rrb- ca n't wait to get it set up !
1 am i hearing correctly ? obama got a nobel peace prize ? for what ? what ? jimmy carter got one too ... well that explains things . nevermind .
1 box signed by sarah palin will only set you back $ 1.1 million -lrb- plus shipping -rrb- - recommended by reporter - = ...
1 does george bush deserve a nobel peace prize hell no he needs a kick in his ass for sending this country to war for no reason
1 cause you suck =d lol so you can sit me here next to britney spears lmfao i love this song
1 megan fox , britney spears , and lady gag !!!!!!!!!!! because they 're all strong and beautiful women !
1 obama to confer with lawmakers on afghanistan strategy : washington -- president barack obama will confer with . .
1 i miss the early days of twitter 's innocence when nobody hacked my account or cared if i wanted to see britney spears suck ...
1 i did my first wii fit plus workout today . apparently i 'm underweight & 114.5 pounds . does this boost my confidence a little ? yes , indeed !
1 '' your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning . '' ~ bill gates
1 how the hell was madonna so charming so natural in desperately seeking susan only to suck super-bad in later films ? whaa happened ?
1 the teen idol justin bieber is more than happy to be one of the world 's most influential people beating president barack obama .
1 i 'm proud to say miley is my idol ! we ♥ cyrus
1 i 'm pretty positive this sketching class is going to be my favorite . the teacher has worked with michael jackson , madonna , miley , ect , .
1 when jimmy carter did not win the peace prize when he brokered peace between egypt and israel - how can we take it seriously now !
1 mererenee i 'm and the streets , fuck google !!!
1 hahaha . omg , yknow my cousin went to click '' start new game '' so i had to restart everything !! . omg , psp ! i love the luxor game !!
1 took a guess , ' cus i thought that was lindsay lohan ! i do n't know if that 's good or bad i knew that ? lol !!
1 apple ipad -lrb- brooklyn -rrb- : . ipods , phones , $t$ and itouches are all available . great for ... .
1 i ca n't believe katy perry went from travie mccoy to russell brand . is she fucking mental ?
1 pulp fiction makes everything better , including google wave
1 empireofthekop ironically enough , one of the google ads in your sponsor pane was '' new razor by gillette . '' ;--rrb- great news !!! ynwa
1 am watching harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone . they looked so young and innocent then .
1 gag is 10x hotter ! madonna has disgusting man muscles and is coming near to her pension years ! gag is dominating the world !
1 just heard the news . congratulations to mariah carey and nick cannon on their 2 bundles of joy . a boy and a girl in one shot . lucky and blessed !
1 miami . i 'm visiting friends in family in atlanta for the holidays . i have an iphone but i 'm sure there 's an application somewhere
1 miley cyrus gets back into music and twitter : .
1 a group of 13 year old wearing kanye shingle glasses were debating who is worse paris or lindsay lohan .
1 must be time to get windows 7 . damn vista .
1 hey ! i 'm nora . i hope we can be friends ! i support you and jennette ! i love icarly . well , and harry potter :p ha you rule !! nora
1 yes i do think body language should b on the charts i compare it to lady gag paris hilton and britney spears if not better
1 britney spears is like two big scoops of vanilla ice cream . 50 cent can pour chocolate on her .
1 miley cyrus is n't just a girl to me . she 's a girl singing about things in life , love and boys . she 's a real good rolemodel to me .
1 another fantastic use of ar / iphone from mobile art lab
1 forget britney spears . heidi montag has a new celebrity hero . '' she said she wanted to be the next octomom ! '' her . .
1 is only just realizing how dirty britney spears ' song 3 is . interesting ...
1 windows 7 launch could give the economy a boost - if new software succeeds , other businesses will too -
1 iphone and windows 7 do n't play nice , intel p55 chips to blame
1 yes or like disappear a fishing trip . . eww i bet he will do an angry side project with mark hoppus and britney spears .
1 has just nominated barack obama for a pulitzer prize ... for best fiction .
1 kanye west during sxsw : jay-z , john legend , kid cudi and some-more join all-star festival closeout : image credit ... .
1 slipknot feat justin bieber feat ludacris . podecrer
1 snackfeed found colbert report-intro : oct 12 , 2009-the world has a peace prize in its pocket for barack obama , dr. sa ...
1 omfg why are they doing britney spears ?? theyre so annoying lmao ! : p
1 i am in love with britney spears ' s song kill the lights . i just love the beat .
1 hahahaha omg , my friend took his girlfriend 's phone then changed half her contact names to harry potter chars without telling her who 's who .
1 just finished reading ' icon : steve jobs ' ! what an amazing book . . a must read , i recommend !
1 hip-hop rumors : cam ` ron , prodigy , rick ross , nicki minaj and more ! : prodigy bedded keyshia cole man , they are ca ... .
1 i kind of like that katy perry and kanye song . dontjudgeme lol
1 on to the best moment of the day . the maradona belly slide :
1 presidents cup : tiger woods , phil mickelson end day 1 on positive note -
1 but alex rodriguez be the shit like omg he my cute though lol
1 john legend 's cover of adele 's '' rolling in the deep '' is amaazzing !!!!!
1 with or without me hopefully you never find your heart broken again britney spears .
1 twitter is acting stupid on my psp ... not cool ...
1 lol '' barack obama may not have deserved the nobel peace prize , george bush did n't deserve the election . we 're even now . ''
1 j sleeping while the fever rages on , seems to be breathing okay now - tylenol taking effect . not eating , but drinking . ipod charging , bbl .
1 i think i hurt my inner feminist by dropping my inner gamer on it . ouch . wtf ? the mind boggles at their thinking on the wii baby
1 attend or manage a conference ? now , google wave is backchannel -lrb- more structured than tweets -rrb- cosmond - > wow
1 confused obama sends mixed messages to libya . .
1 i 'm in class and we were talking about oprah . reminded me that my dude swaggodtaylor could have been her son had his old man made the move .
1 texas man uses obituary to campaign against obama .
1 celebitchy : lindsay lohan posts more desperate tweets to samantha ronson
1 i hate when im the tall one in a room ... it makes me feel like khloe kardashian !!! but not tall just huge
1 not even for $ 8.98 ... waste of paper ... and i have a kindle ; -rrb-
1 psp golf training aid-used and recommended by martin hall , 2008 ...
1 yes there is you vagina . and her name is britney spears .
1 so sad that rebecca black 's '' friday '' has surpassed lady gaga on youtube views :-lrb- that is crazy .
1 perfect couples ? me and justin bieber , of course : ' -rrb-
1 gon na read you like a kindle ... turn you on and flip your pages . oh_snap heyoooohhhhh
1 why does my xbox keep dying and coming back from the dead lol
1 omg it 's my worst nightmare . britney spears covers alanis morissette song '' you oughta know -
1 taylor swift 's acceptance speech , beyonce letting taylor swift having a moment and finishing her speech , britney spears won all three vmas
1 want an xbox360 signed by sarah palin ? yeah , me neither , but if you 're willing to blow 1.1 million on it :
1 im sure you have britney spears in your car , but i have the perfect remake of it for cameron to get into !
1 lindsay lohan , jewel thief : adding credit card fraud to her resume ... : thatthat 's right , bitches . give it . .
1 jacksonter look at how amazing lady gaga shoes are in that picture ! ; d
1 just paid off my layaway on my nintendo wii but barely got to play it because i had to wait on the batteries to charge lol
1 i think when you spread the wealth around it 's good for everybody . ~ barack obama tcot
1 white people only like uncontroversial niggaz that act like them , but they embrace they own fuckery like charlie sheen . fuck ' them ! itiswhatitis
1 take notes by hand -- on the ipad : one promise of the $t$ was that it would be great for students . a new note-takin ... .
1 melissa_kck thisislauraj ... lego batman , lego star wars , lego indiana jones , and a star wars game . now want wii lightsabers
1 new kindle economics for wsj : news corp . gets $ 6 or $ 6.50 for $ 15/month subscription . not good enough , says murdoch :
1 lindsay lohan daddy is a ass hole
1 delayedtweets britney spears has a new song called womanizer . i hope it becomes popular
1 i know it is going to be a good day because harry potter is on today too . i love me some $t$ .
1 also goodnight to the very dreamy britney spears + playboy loving tomfelton , of course . sleep well thy good tweeps .
1 justin bieber is fucking gay jebbuusss
1 dear iphone case , thank you . i feel there is so much you have done for me , but i have done so little for you . love , phil 's $t$ .
1 so sick of donald trump . i enjoy how he thinks he knows everything yet when anderson cooper proves him wrong , his response is '' yeah whatever ''
1 no drugs , alcohol , britney orders tour entourage : pop star britney spears ...
1 america says president stupid obama and the sleeping vice president joe biden and the administration says '' you 're fired ''
1 i can not help myself , i 'm just doing what i do . got my heart set , do anything i want , so thank you . i love britney spears ! : -rrb-
1 health care issues : insurance market overhaul : the politics : to help expand health coverage , president barack obama . .
1 perez hilton >> daryl hannah owes the taxman ! : not good , girl ! daryl hannah has reportedly fallen behind on her ... .
1 i really , really have tried to like sarah palin . but i 'm just not a fan of stupid . stupid people make me violent .
1 i 'm going to tell you about love madonna
1 new ipad application called al gore 's our choice . kind of boring , though . it 's a map of the 2000 election results , but florida is blue .
1 aggies nat'l championship hopes are fading faster than barack obama ' is approval ratings ! hahahahaha so much for that undefeated season .
1 geramed apple survey - what do you think of apple products ? ipad sucks ? apple .
1 ca n't wait to lakers take another win for that ring . hatersicanthearyou
1 me singing like a virgin by madonna
1 gossip girls >> britney spears : mexican bikini babe : taking a break from her work obligatio . .
1 complicated but i say ds . kindle does 1 thing , easier to break , easier to spend your $ $ . ds does lots of things .
1 yeah . windows 7 is pretty awesome . i do n't know how computers were used before it .
1 would you be willing to spare an invite for google wave to me ?
1 windows 7 home premium will also not support bitlocker drive encryption , applocker & branchcache distributed cache .
1 guy ritchie breaks silence on madonna : ' i still love her but she 's retarded ' -lrb- via enemy magazine -rrb-
1 i have so many legends i love and one of them is ... shakira so many albums , i just love her < 3
1 once again i agree ha madonna is one sexy granny : p
1 curtindo '' all of the lights '' -lrb- ft . john legend , rihanna , fergie , alicia keys , kanye west & elton john , kid cudi -rrb- de kanye west .
1 it 's britney , bitch ! : i was pulled to a britney spears concert for my beloved girlfriend . the things i do for he . .
1 retweet if justin bieber is not following you so i can send a deathmatch to him with your twitter names :-rrb- must be following itslovatobieber hurry
1 fashgasm 23.3.2011 > industry news & changes : ... changing face of lady gaga fashion photo shoots the area to wa ... .
1 it w/b pretty scary if your daughter is sarah palin for halloween , esp . if she carries a rifle and shoots at neighborhood dogs
1 i wish i could be famous . . and bitch about my angst ridden love like lindsay lohan . . what a hot mess . . and i used to be jealous of her
1 omg omg theshures covered '' 3 '' by britney spears !!!! i love it -lrb- the best music group on youtube by far !!!! -rrb-
1 i wish headaches were like memories in harry potter . you can just pull them out of your temple and toss them in a pensieve .
1 britney spears must be so proud - not !! bringing back many happy memories listening to whitney tracks - yes iam that old !!
1 forced to change the name to ' if you see amy ' by us stations because it sounds like f.u.c.k.me britney spears - ... ♫ ~ erq08
1 charlie sheen bails out lenny dykstra | tmz.com : a friend in need is a friend indeed -- especially when that friend ... .
1 i feel like lindsay lohan ' s character in the movie ' just my luck ' after she kisses captain kirk for the first time
1 must see : britney spears totally racy in lace for her latest controversial song 3
1 sck and tiredf damn porn ad poppig up as a follower . i d n'teven like britney spears . leave me be damnit !!
1 why do all the good singer , start with a '' j '' , john mayer , jamie cullum , jon mclaughin , john legend , jason mraz , ...
1 this nigga funny look like micheal jackson on his 8th stage lol
1 why is lady gag still on the tt . she 's a cool chick but if it 's about snl with her a madonna , i see why . that was a horrible skit .
1 i ca n't believe , girls are too stupid , they are going to protest in downtown the 30th of april . why ??? to bring justin bieber to lebanon !
1 harry potter , sherlock holmes & robin hood to boost uk tourism
1 '' lego rock band -lrb- wii , xbox 360 or ps3 -rrb- '' -
1 ha xd the guy '' mr. hudson '' in supernova looks like that guy from harry potter . . what 's his name again ? ... tom felton ?
1 i know ! rt alyamcr : i hate translating things from english to arabic and google translate sucks > : -lrb-
1 heading to opening night screening for margin call . super excited to see kevin spacey at work !!
1 im fan i love your version of paparazzi and i think is better then lady gaga ' is one ^ ^ plz follow me greysonchance
1 i just broke a girls heart 20 times in 1 night because i did n't have any britney spears . she had 20 good songs ??? fuck me sideways .
1 maradona you are an idiot ! if argentina ... i ca n't even think about what would happen if the argies do n't qualify for the wc . i hope they do !
1 -lrb- counting 1 2 3 peter , paul & marygettin ' down with 3p ; omg britney spears new song '' 3 '' is in my head and i cant stop singing it ; love it !
1 venezuelan president hugo chavez says president barack obama does not deserve the nobel peace prize .
1 i rated a youtube video -lrb- 5 out of 5 stars -rrb- -- -lsb- ytp -rsb- nicolas cage is a racist woman beater
1 should the us justice dept prosecute al gore for his part in the global warming swindle ? .
1 love ... fashion by lady gaga
1 britt plays speak now by taylorswift on guitar ; .
1 hilary swank saves animals , flies planes - faded youth blog : `` i am a true believer in pet adoption and have res . .
1 i want justin bieber hair flip and the cutest face old ! not like now . this my honest
1 rt if you love miley cyrus we ♥ miley
1 dear nobel peace prize committee , i 'm not george bush too . love , jon . please rt
1 us chamber of commerce : financial reform package ' harmful ' : photo : ap president barack obama ripped the . .
1 excuse me john boehner instead of blaming the dem and obama do your job . and lay off barackobama
1 i got ta admit that i loveeeee britney spears
1 i downloaded just my faves and 2 communities and wound up with 200 + stories ! my kindle was like : wtf are you doing !?!?!
1 the parts with micheal jackson are funnier than hell
1 yes we can ! -lrb- find more money for war -rrb- . now that 's change you can ... throw in the trash . obama disappointing
1 ca n't believe new remake of arthur with russell brand got one star in the guardian . i did n't realize it was that good ... pointlessremakes
1 -lsb- 411music -rsb- britney spears works a tiny black bikini : and we thank her for it
1 nintendo vs r4 : the lawsuit and the snitch : a very un - harry potter like snitch website opens to combat r4 and t . .
1 iamsotiredof seeing women wanting to be like nicki minaj . . smdh i 'm like . . damn sister , wtf ? is your self image not good enough for you ?
1 britney spears always tops the billboard . what does she have ? well i still love her music .
1 tiger will make it tough - monty : colin montgomery believes tiger woods ' presence would make it '' a better win '' . .
1 congratulations to barnett1949 ! you just won a google wave invite !
1 ashton kutcher gives demi moore post-its , not diamonds : these shame tactics do not work on pedophiles , they do n ... .
1 ashley tisdale is the best justin bieber is so cool selena gomez make all the boyz druel
1 shout to ma man jonesy1911 who understand why steve jobs is a bitch
1 barack obama , jimmy carter part deux tcot . carter was n't as obviously trying to destroy the us .
1 i keep searching for video from chile , but google is n't helping . i keep getting weird results when i type in '' amazing chilean minors '' .
1 lady gaga please follow me diva ? , you are amazing $t$ , i love you ♥ follow me please * -- * 5
1 the 120 best goals from diego armando maradona , the best argentine soccer player in the world .
1 democrats turning on obama 's ' czars ' : you know things are getting bad for barack obama when even russ fe . .
1 deepdowninside i would like to have the power to make disappear all the movies in which nicolas cage plays a role .
1 its great so far ! then again , i was using a 4 year old phone . my iphone friends seem to like it !
1 my wired connection has been buggered by a glitch in windows 7 -lrb- and vista -rrb- and wont connect . fuck
1 '' lindsay lohan to judge : i was truant because ... '' and related posts -lrb- -rrb-
1 lindsay lohan and her sloppy dyke tits go shopping of the day : recent fashion designer , marijuana piece of garbage . .
1 i have the kindle application . it 's pretty cool . i read books this summer while backpacking through europe because of it . : -rrb-
1 britney spears beats angelina in best celebrity mum
1 ooh geek famous client , eh ? is it bill gates ?! ;-rrb- looking forward to it .
1 ;-rrb- i personally was longing for that option as i do n't like britney spears or any other explicitly cocksucking lady ...
1 it 's not the worst duet that 's happened . mariah carey and westlife , green day and u2 or alexandra burke and pitbull take that accolade .
1 rt crisbuckley how to present like steve jobs < -- love it !
1 my eyesight is bad enough from staring at computer monitors 8 hours a day for 20 years . kindle or any other e-reader ? forget it .
1 i once said . . nikki minaj will be greater than lady gaga , & niggas thought i was crazy . now who crazy ?
1 myself like the pc more than consoles , my pc is better than a ps3 in my opinion . only the wii is fun console .
1 i 've been listening to frank all day as well . i got the 3 disc greatest hits on my ipod
1 glory , glory hallelujah , glory clinton could n't fool yeah , barack obama ca n't ignore yeah rush keep broadcasting on .
1 hgm_barca xicantbetamedix i am sorry my friend but i hate lady gaga too .
1 what the fuck is the big problem with getting an ipod nano for christmas ? if it 's the only thing i 'm asking for , i do n't see the big deal .
1 cameron diaz wore the girls apparel while out and about with yankee-beau , alex rodriguez in nyc . the super t ... the ... .
1 nunavut_teacher kylepace love my ipad but depends what you want . wrote '' what 's working-what 's not '' blog $t$ ning site .
1 the world knew she was gutter slut filth & trash when she kissed that damned old uglyass skank madonna mouth those are what hell is made up of
1 actress hilary swank is helping animals . i never follow celebrity news -- except for positive stories about celebs ...
1 i 've got it - they 're like a mixture of madonna , kylie , and peter andre , trying to be mgmt . horror .
1 obama : ' we stopped massacre in libya ' \ n -lrb- afp -rrb- \ n : afp - a defiant president barack obama told americans he had stopped a '' massacre ...
1 i 'm a delinquent tweeter ! its been a few weeks now , but with obama 's war , i must get back to tweeting !
1 rofl yeah ... love the song , but not the chick ! if only it was by britney spears !! then it would be awesome !
1 mariah carey & nick cannon welcome new twins , '' i wo n't ever be able to top this ! '' : hollywood couple $t$ ... .
1 if i install windows 7 64 bit . -lrb- i have a x4 phenom -rrb- will i still be able to use my : 32-bit software ? and has a . .
1 microsoft boss steve ballmer hates the ipad and thinks people still have trust in microsoft .
1 i just watched georgia rule earlier . i miss the old lindsay lohan . she was awesome .
1 lindsay lohan news lindsay : samantha 's family cut me off : $t$ refuses to accept the . .
1 in the sketch began challenging lady gag madonna saying : '' you know what $t$ : i 'm much more good than you ''
1 they 're translating sarah palin ' s book to crude representations of totalitarianism with marmaduke as a protagonist . respect !
1 album de britney sort demain ? nrjhitmusiconly
1 hey everyone < one second > -lrb- lindsay : earmuffs please -rrb- lindsay lohan ' s dad is planning an intervention -lrb- do n't mess things up by letting her know -rrb-
1 hilary swank plans to start a family | showbiz spy - celebrity ... : who is she kidding ? nudity should stop in f . .
1 every time i randomly watch oprah winfrey on television , i ca n't help but wonder , how the fuck has this idiot been on nationally for 25 years ?
1 mm 3 - britney spears -lsb- yes i would -rsb-
1 steve jobs more popular that oprah ? i already knew this !
1 musicmonday everything 's just wonderful - lily allen , 3 - britney spears
1 says channel -lsb- v -rsb- playlist today : madonna . hish ! why $t$ ? i hate $t$ : ' - -lrb-
1 speechless by alicia keys and devil in a new dress by kanye just played back to back on my shuffle ... thought that was cool . . lol
1 washington ? president barack obama reaffirmed his campaign pledge to end the ban on homosexuals serving o ... says
1 now celeb - see photos celebrity smokers revealed : cheryl cole , lily allen , britney spears and kate am . .
1 why do i kp gttng these nasty britney spears dng nasty things people following me i have no desire 2 see her do anything sexual i do n't like blonds
1 cant wait for micheal jackson ' s '' this is it '' movie love you $t$ !!!!
1 okay just saw an arabian guy with black skinny jeans , flip flops , and a man purse . and a woman that looked exactly like sarah palin .
1 ashleytisdale i 've seen some f your naked pictures on google . . they are really awesome ! i want more ! i am a pervert !!
1 that fuck the lakers comment was coming from a celtics fan !!! you got a problem with that ? kickrocks !
1 i like britney spears new song about a threesome . . whooo
1 -lsb- via reddit -rsb- hillary clinton has labeled guinea 's crackdown a '' vile violation '' of people 's rights .
1 before you buy a kindle , check out the nook at barnes & noble - more features , same price .
1 jason mccann = dead . justin bieber = taken . jason deeps = with his teacher . girl mane = mine !
1 buying music from itunes for my pod ! i love the new songs tik tok by ke $ ha & 3 by britney spears ! '' _
1 lovenews : ten inconvenient truths about love | always learning : today i am the al gore of romance , compiling a l ... .
1 about to go to motherfucking nashville . fuck . long awkward ass ride with my parents . with no ipod
1 moms said if feels like mariah carey has been pregnant for like 2 years ! lol yo what 's really good with those twins ?
1 rt johnbiehler : love getting google alerts for my content on sites titled '' welcome to the world of auto blogging '' fail
1 perez hilton >> knock knock , it 's wal-mart at your door : is this a good or bad thing ? we do n't know yet , but i ... .
1 yesterday was such a great day . the ipad teachung tools conference was a total success . was n't so satisfied a long ago .
1 i do n't do whitney , i do n't do britney , i do n't do lindsey , i made 2 million last wednesday
1 i 've let friends know . not sure if it will happen , because i love my kindle , but if you get a unit to play with , please let me know .
1 -lsb- tonight 's bedtime story : blades & women -rsb- hp is like lindsay lohan , hot sexy girl who ca n't stop screwing her life no matter what she do - >
1 ery1 listen 2 britney spears '' if you seek amy '' matter of fact say the title of that song slowly then think of the fan base who love that song !
1 spam is annoying : / i do n't care if britney spears did it with other teeny bopper bimbos or sucked cock : s
1 3 by britney spears is pretty good .
1 anyone out there want another contact on google wave ? trying to see how useful this will be .
1 morning ! weekend webpoll : does barack obama deserve to win the nobel peace prize so early in his presidency ?
1 bye boy !!! lebron and the heat taking it this year buzzedapromoter : nieka_greataz lakers why you mad because we are the champs hahahahaahaaa
1 fffff '' i wan na go '' and '' till the worlds ends '' by britney makes me wan na freaking stand up and dance ! damn !
1 our portable credit card terminal for the iphone comes available 1/10 for $ 149 & up , check us out : $t$ . com - stay tuned
1 how many of you tweeter people like micheal jackson
1 so jayblood331 fell asleep on harry potter 7 wtf . he 's a weirdo everyone love harry
1 rise and shine darlings ... or you might miss the drama between robert pattinson and justin bieber . curious ? .
1 bloody xbox updated and now it keeps freezing very upsetting
1 probably , but this maradona effort is pretty epic too as it actually lobs the keeper .
1 the harry potter part was mad random lmao rt dakidfrankie if she love sports & watch $t$ with me straight up i will wife that broad lol
1 new device means new responsibility - ipad is awesome !
1 i want a bb torch or an phone & an ipad . . now thatwouldbeawesome
1 president barack obama has refused to meet the dalai lama in washington this week in a move to curry favor with the chinese .
1 i can here gaga , just do n't know where i can here the silly cow !
1 yesterday i watched harry potter and unstoppable . great movies ! two thumbs up for them !
1 the lance brand lives strong ... `` sports marketing and pr roundup : yes television ratings rise and fall with tiger woods . .
1 foramilliondollars i would streak the world , but im not fast enough , so i would kiss lindsay lohan ... no less than a million .
1 you fucking got an iphone and it 's complaining . vc pod mudar o plano sempre e $t$ é awesome msmo sem web - apps e camera ! 3gs ?
1 does n't hilary swank look incredible on the cover of marieclaire ? i love her hair ...
1 lawmakers challenge obama 's libya authority .
1 dê sua opinião : dragon age ou god of war + new mario wii ?
1 '' mr. lindsay lohan ' s daddy '' is a fame whore !
1 friends & strangers , i have purchased a kindle . i shall review its performance for your convenience in the near future ...
1 i love how the powderpuff media asks compelling questions . . you get jimmy carter in front of you and you do n't ask . .
1 michael jackson , kate gosselin , sarah palin , bernie madoff , lady gag , and britney spears are this year 's most popular halloween costumes .
1 hahaha no you don ! lol remember lady gag and britney spears for halloween !
1 imjus_tokyo harry potter , unstoppable , love and the other drugs ...
1 is it bad that i get every single reference and understand all the satire in '' a very harry potter musical ? ''
1 dear britney spears , please go back to being fat and not making music .
1 okay penis penis penis i love penis ? who loves penis ? joe does ... because he got ta big one ! woooo omg britney spears sucks penis too !
1 i love lindsay lohan !! georgia rule .
1 ... ... ... ... when there 's confusion in the marketplace , there 's opportunity ... ... bill gates
2 lindsay lohan gets an extra year of probation in dui case , plus the naked truth on hilary swank & more : afternoon bu ...
1 those twins on x factor . . who the hell thought it 'd be a good idea for them to sing britney spears ? so terrible . .
1 i remember i used to have a crush on ashley tisdale when she was a blonde .
1 dream and never giving up no matter what then yeah she 's a great role model . lindsay lohan is another story & i agree with ryan
1 musicmonday this is it - micheal jackson . i actually really like it . * -lrb- :
1 i hate my wii
1 disney stores get the steve jobs touch : `` it 's truly spectacular -- beyond our imagination . ''
1 saints made giants defense look like lindsay lohan trying to stop advances of physical & mental addiction . lol !!
1 who wants to play with google wave ? deathmatch me if you would like an invite . i have a couple left ...
1 definitely droid . i have an iphone and i ca n't wait to get rid of it for an android phone !
1 listening to britney spears . . i love her !! : -rrb-
1 i just created a poll : '' do you love britney spears '' you should vote :
1 kanye west is angry at barack obama for winning the nobel peace prize . he thought beyonce should have won it . ; -rrb-
1 joe biden got caught sleeping on the job lol goes to show that no matter how high up you are ... we 're all human
1 an amazing list of all the google products and how they are used .
1 i miss new york . i still love how people talk to you on the street - just assault you and tell you what they think of your jacket - madonna
1 was told by a homeless man today that i look like harry potter . this marks the second time in my life a homeless person has told me this .
1 windows 7 upgrade advisor will not run -lrb- unexpected error -rrb-
1 new xbox day is a good day . i almost fell asleep in pysch , bummer because we discussed the stages of life . my prof . is amazing .
1 i love my b.f.f. hillary van orden !!!!! so we went too see britney spears in april . . now we are going to see lady gag . . stoked ...
1 fuck you , you fucking piece of shit government , and burn in hell damn job center , and drop dead damn bill gates , and fuck you crap weather !
1 msyellow_light lakers suck lol
1 ca n't wait to finally see taylor swift in concert this year -lrb- :
1 can someone please tell me , why pablo aimar is back in the squad . and not riquelme ? is maradona an idiot ? he was a great player but ?!
1 hillary clinton hails special relationship
1 woke up to a justin bieber mash up e.e
1 windows 7 has made fast computer almost unusable : hey everyone . i just recently made the upgrade from windows v . .
1 lady gaga at goggle : the pop star answers fans ' questions .
1 hungup time goes by . so slowly . time goes by . so slowly . for those who wait . madonna
1 i ca n't believe that i thought i would not be able to find a channel playing the royal wedding . have my choice of 5 . anderson cooper ftw
1 '' who 's that from ? '' '' my boyfriend . '' '' ... me ? '' '' no , justin bieber . '' '' that 's tight ... who 's it from ? ''
1 facebook is acting stupid today so i 'll post this here ... :-rrb- my iphone main page .
1 later getting together with friends . good food and wii bowling .
1 tbf i hate madonna ... needs to pack up and start a constructive hobby ... like knitting .
1 woooooooooow i wan na goooo !!! i fucking love it ... femmefatale britneyspears
1 these '' windows 7 was my idea '' ads do n't boos my confidence in $t$ . why would i want computer software designed by idiot schmos ?
1 friends and family fear for lindsay 's life - lindsay lohan : _____ wealthyseeker . com _____ is the best and lar . .
1 amazingly , this story is not from the onion . -- osama bin laden to al-qaeda : ' do n't bother assassinating joe biden ' .
1 love the kindle . still have lots of books . $t$ offers more than i can carry .
1 tiger leads at east lake : it is easy for tiger woods to sink an eagle putt of less than five feet and sink a bye . .
1 britney spears bosh 's victory returns internet names to celebs - foxsports.com : ctv . cabosh 's v . .
1 i cant believe i 'm saying this but mila kunis is hotter than katy perry ...
1 probably hinting at california governor arnold schwarzenegger and his suit now before the supreme court regarding ... .
1 i am quite good at making playlists that make me hyper on my ipod , if i do say so myself : ' -rrb-
1 rob , will i get banned for playing a legitimate copy of modern warfare 2 on a non flashed xbox before release date ?
1 that 's as bad as when rachel mocked britney spears for going nuts and being white trash
1 micheal jackson was and in my mind is a genius . love and respect r.i.p $t$ -lrb- the true king of pop -rrb- so please do n't disrespect mj
1 barack obama ' is amazingly consistent smile . quite interesting , funny , weird and yes , impressive .
1 john mayer room for squares
1 madonna is an idiot , there is nothing good about her . end of .
1 i felt like obama would n't dictate policy for the rest of the world . i have to trust that he is in the business of protecting civilians
1 lollypop man is on his jawbone , blackberry , got ipod earpiece in & its not how i remember lollypop men at school ! slightly surreal
1 micheal jackson to harsh ?
1 i hate the new windows 7 adverts
1 mc hammer has just come on to the radio and i just found myself clicking my fingers along to it . oh dear . i think i may need help !!
1 wanted to take a photo of new moon on the side of the bus but remembered i 've got an ipod not an phone ! please father christmas !
1 its a sad day a very sad day ... my itunes is no more ... all i have is my ipod with all the magic and it ... smh what ima do without my actual library
1 ------------- > rt inibbleonclits fuck the lakers lol . . teamceltics
1 is about to put jls - everybody in love on his ipod ... his i 've given in ! kmt ! lol !
1 i hate when i have my ipod but not my headphones
1 yes my ipod is now jailbroken
1 messy katy perry confuses brand : singer $t$ infuriates husband russell brand because she 's so messy . .
1 . britney spears ' gorgeous beauty and fiery sex appeal are entirely unparalleled ! -lrb- continued -rrb- .
1 the only reason i know what a bin is is from reading harry potter !
1 the emperor 's old clothes in defense of lindsay lohan ' s at ungaro
1 smh i think ma twittercrush has a crush ... ... ... . this is bad real bad micheal jackson
1 im proud to say this i 'm a miley cyrus fan yes i do have the cyrus virus & i 'm loving life : -rrb-
1 argentinians want maradona ' is head : nearly 64 per cent of the 88,000 people voted against $t$ in a poll .
1 rt rainbownews obama to take on military gay ban a ' right time ' president barack obama will focus '' at the right time ''
1 yay !! madonna 1 on the world chart and 1 on the european hot 100 chart !! go on with your bad self ! ; -rrb-
1 justin timberlake i love him but i want that timber more than the lake lol
1 how do i put music on my psp a definitive guide ! - so you finally got your new $t$ ! i 'm sure you are eager to e ...
1 - we ca n't get enough of hilary swank and the adorable puppies ! for more ih4th info , visit www.ih4th.com .
1 i blame soulja boy & lilb for the vocal abuse of the word swagg , people done took that shit & ran with it ... swaggdeeznuts
1 turn_the_page1 social media fuels charlie sheen 's intern race into round three , 250 hopefuls : ... . forbusinessgrowth
1 key democrat urges better strategy for afghanistan : however , republican lawmakers argued that president barack obama would be making a m . .
1 iphone is almost dead . some days it last all day some days it 's dead at 4 ... wtf
1 100factsaboutme i had sex with oprah and she gave million to keep ma mouth shut oops
1 think about martha stewart 's feed . so much fun , and spends the volume on msnbc : mid-haircut stabbing . .
1 i miss lindsay lohan before she was a cracked out lesbian
1 lindsay lohan in court for skipping alcohol education courses . what 's to learn ? ... beer goes in here . stupid red headed brunet headed blond .
1 am i the only one who freaking hates the google images jazz that they have done , it 's a curse on slow internet : /
1 who is your favorite singer ?? justin bieber , usher , jay-z or bruno mars ? vote now on facebook !! = = > . - ad
1 kris allen covers britney spears : hit me baby one more time ! : kris allen performs a special concert for seton hi . .
1 i do n't care whatchu say , lady gag sucks . she 's the britney spears of 2009 . that 's all .
1 i would rather b called angry mob & idiots who did not vote for barack obama , than supporting with head up his lower backside orifice tlot
1 i finally have the ipad and it 's awesome ! now what apps are the coolest to show off to friends ?
1 rt : have alerted security at kirribilli house to keep an eye out for harry potter and his little band of toilet paper toting miscreants
1 ooh , another britney song plays after . . playing : lucky - britney spears . . x ''
1 nicolas cage is not responsible for his financial irresponsibility : when it comes to taking the blame for his reply . .
1 americans capture the presidents cup : san francisco -- tiger woods had a perfect week , and the americans st. .
1 rt jizzyworld : what the hell is the deal with that $ 1.1 million sarah palin authographed box on ebay ?
1 ca n't help but chuckle at the windows 7 commercials , it 's pretty much summed up as people want what microsoft promised with vista .
1 fake steve jobs : dear u.s. chamber of commerce : you are totally full of shit , now please sit down and shut the fuck up
1 new psp store !!! warren , mi grand opening , nov . 6 & 7 ! pizza party , specials , face painting and more ! check it out -
1 great meeting with ceo of bloomsbury . he managed to sandwich me in between jk rowling and steve jobs . i was the cheap meat in the ciabatta .
1 uh wii football with the guys ? wow . im glad i have friends that are girls who like to hang out .
1 katy perry sang e.t. live american idol . she did n't manage to reach the high part . awful .
1 im listening '' 3 '' by britney spears . . what a amazing song !
1 can someone invite me to google wave please ?
1 why are the plugs different on the xbox elite and the standard ? sigh , time to go through loads over wires to find my adaptor downstairs : -lrb-
1 '' if i had a gun with only 2 bullets and was alone in a room with saddam , osama , and bieber i would shoot justin bieber twice . '' - halle
1 britney spears new song ' 3 ' . i love it : d
1 its so mytime to be harry potter !!! expelliarmus !!! * diva hatred towards daniel * xd
1 library haiku : with kindle and nook -- i 've seen the future of the book -- all books are like grass .
1 toxic by britney spears is a terrible music video . lmao
1 demi lovato should do a movie about her story life .
1 lindsay lohan : back to jail for dui ? : celebrity news source tmz.com reports officials for that alcohol program h . .
1 '' obama was used to slap george bush ' s face . '' or '' he was better then bush . '' whatever - both do not merit the nobel prize . - unknown
1 thought i would be a good daughter and setup my parents ' new pc . i am a great daughter for spending my vaca day with windows 7 . i 'm going mac
1 so sorry that people do n't like your new video & say you would be like a skank and be the new britney spears . you 're not !! great video
1 general golf news : u.s. wins presidents cup once again : tiger woods had a perfect week , and the americans stayed unbeate
1 here 's video of that show ... selena gomez is embarrassed after ellen degeneres played a clip of her denying her ... .
1 i got two options for halloween lindsay lohan and lady gag !!!! ohh my ... what happened to lindsay she looks horrible !!!!
1 . google webmastertools releases new functionality for external backlinks . great for additional link building insight
1 winona ryder nude videos enjoy our archive of winona ryder links at exp0sed featuring winona ryder ... britney spears nude video check out
1 borderlands -lrb- xbox 360 -rrb- - borderlands is a futuristic science fiction first person shooter with role playing elements ...
1 i want a fucking ipad bitch acquiredtaste
1 first day using my ipad and bt keyboard as a macbook professional replacement ... loving it so far . wish more keyboard shortcuts worked though ...
1 agreed . but the sarah palin stuff was kind of funny . as was the '' what 's that bitch talking about ? '' sketch last year .
1 how can i put videos in my psp that support the video data ? : when i download videos from youtube using $t$ video . .
1 rihanna rihanna refutes katy perry ' feud ' .
1 are . i . p my ipod =-lrb- i miss you already . please somehow find a way back to me . life not worth living without my $t$
1 nananana errydayyy like my ipod stuck on replay -lrb- :
1 this day in history -lrb- 10/11/2002 -rrb- jimmy carter won the nobel peace prize .
1 she got that good good . she micheal jackson bad bad .
1 25factsabtme i think sarah palin should run for president for my personal entertainment . i miss tina fey !
1 fucc what anybody says ... blur by britney spears is real . . i feel like that every weekend
1 cool , me and a friend broke google wave . i finally feel like i was able to help out the beta with some actual bug reporting .
1 i just fucking met ashton kutcher . demi was nearby . train and mc hammer provided the soundtrack .
1 may be missing my friends but at least i 'm wearing my new taylor swift tee !
1 yo , im 1 follower away !!! but real talk . look at like my last 5 followers . they all them britney spears joints . lol - go ihits !!!
1 really ? britney ... best mom ?! rt celebritygossip : britney spears named best mom in poll .
1 alright if this fucking britney spears bitch sucking penis page keep following me wtf stop that shit !!! `` - lmao she a group
1 just got the kindle application the other day . rereading the lovely bones on it and love it !
1 world ' obama 's coming asian tour will exclude indonesia : president barack obama ' is first asian trip as preside . .
1 ny times : part of obama 's victory is just simply not being george bush
1 top senate democrats came to president barack obama 's defense on the libya bombing campaign wednesday , insisting ... .
1 selena gomez has everything natuarally ... i love her and her hugetruefan and selentor . .
1 nowplaying : common - strange fruit ft . john legend | 57 listeners on www.therealmidwestradio.com
1 obama condemns ' outrageous ' violence in syria \ n -lrb- afp -rrb- \ n : afp - us president barack obama condemned syria 's ... .
1 i got daht guu guu im micheal jackson bad and he attracted to me with my attractive ass . htc ...
1 digeratii i concur ! the iphone is still the champion here .
1 watching harry potter and i hate british accents
1 music video : far east movement - if i was you -lrb- omg -rrb- -lrb- feat . snoop dogg -rrb- .
1 btw , lakers . lakerhaterandproudofit .
1 breaking news : dembabies are on their way ... congratulations to mom mariah carey and daddy nick cannon
1 actor nicolas cage is having a real-estate liquidation sale ; claims he is broke . -lrb- boston herald -rrb- ... sad
1 access star sightings : october 9 - 15 , 2009 : los angles , calif . -- jessica alba 's night out ! plus , lindsay lohan in nyc , victoria beckha . .
1 youhaveanicebodybut you look like a crack whore like lindsay lohan . . you seem like you just got out of rehab
1 check out ' asus k50ij-x8 15.6 - inch black versatile entertainment laptop -lrb- windows 7 home premium -rrb- ' by asus
1 np alicia keys - have you ever tried sleeping with a broken heart ? bit of a blast from the past . .
1 interesting story lindsay lohan goes to court , possibly just because she 's $t$
1 just saw the commercial for amelia . holy shit does hilary swank look like amelia earhart !!
1 mrelliotb harry potter ? deathly hallows . just saw the movie an it was awesome !
1 trying out google wave , pretty boring with no one you know on it !
1 also , checkout pie 's rca-ipd is an rca audio ipod interface plus +5 v charging . compatible with latest generation $t$ is www.pacparts.com
1 please keep lindsay lohan out of fashion :
1 if anyone is willing , i would really love a google wave invite ! brian.cibelli gmail.com
1 jack white gives college lecture , says britney spears may be more authentic than bob dylan
1 i cant wait to go to perth and rock out to britney spears !!!!
1 getting rid of my justin bieber posters on saturday do n't want some of them .
1 i ca n't believe justin and selena 's together . i mean . . i know that they 're together but it 's unbelievable . i always have loved bieber .
1 the new nook by barnes & noble looks way cool and has tons of features not offered on the kindle , like color touch ...
1 just ordered my own wii and $t$ fit so now i can get fit and look stupid on my own
1 '' three '' by britney spears wo n't get out of my brain . * smashes head against wall *
1 hula hoop wears you out ! -lrb- i love wii fit -rrb-
1 love wedding marriage seems good , when mandy moore collaborated with one of the hot vampire kellen ' emmet ' lutz : d
1 rt : clinton warning to afghan leader : us secretary of state hillary clinton says the winner of afghanistan 's . .
1 ; obama told by military you 're no longer commander-in-chief , also convicted to be impeached .
1 the kindle continues to become more popular -lrb- and less expensive -rrb-
1 mysolenia rt selina_costello : angielovebieber . - i made out with lady gaga because im pretty ! ... lol sweet xd
1 my son is dancing to britney spears priceless
1 babe ruth and britney spears are split by 93 places on the kiss marry kill index .
1 awesome ! just found one of my textbooks i need on google books . :3
1 i think she 's under the delusion she can beat me at twi si because she cleans my clock at harry potter si . she 's so wrong !
1 enter to win spore hero for wii at
1 seriously , who the fuck is kim kardashian and why is she supposed to be famous ? why are some people famous for being famous ?
1 windows 7 is now my favorite operating system . i just miss the macbook professional swipe gestures : -lrb-
1 hi , i 'm super-thong . my brother is tommcfly aka super-blanket and my mum is mcplusle aka britney spears . we 're pretty normal .
1 i like jo , hillary clinton , and leighton meester 's style .
1 shh girl , shake yeah thighs , do the barack obama and tell us some lies oh oh oh oh
1 dad came home with new monitor and ipod nano and some clothes ... i love the blue $t$ is . should i have one in the older version . puf
1 i love my little monsters lady gaga voice
1 what do vp joe biden and facebook have in common ? new comms directors . . and .
1 ' 3 ' is a really dirty song . even for britney spears !
1 . . just saw the new harry potter with my family . . great night :-rrb- oan ; ; missing the boyfran < 3
1 vanessa hudgens talks zac efron and sexy pictures | sugarscape | : ellen degeneres just loves to keep the stars on th ... .
1 is it bad that britney spears is in my head ? as long as it 's not 2008 britney
1 lady gaga on the front on the enemy this week . not cool . not cool at all .
1 listening to britney spears she still is awesome : -rrb-
1 a win for ecuador and a defeat for argentina on wednesday , and maradona ' is team will not be going to the world cup next summer .
1 actress and singer mandy moore gives voice to the innocent but mischievous princess while zachary levi plays the ... .
1 watching love and hip hop and am stunned to hear about alicia keys ... no respect . apparently , she has forgotten about karma .
1 liking justin bieber is a key characteristic that 70 % of the girl population look for in a guy . just a heads up boys : -rrb-
1 just wondering what famous person would you do ? whowouldyoudo losemynumber unseenprequels google wave halloween votenoon1 new moon maine
1 interesting . the ps3 does n't restrict hd upgrades -lrb- does n't even void warranty -rrb- & allows the use of external usb hds too ! better than xbox !
1 no one cares if you have tickets to see shakira . dude you literally are like showing off . not jealous , heck no , but still . its like
1 today , i show to my friend the new single of britney spears , three '' 3 '' , i love it .
1 '' i get to go to lots of overseas places like canada . '' ~ britney spears -lrb- via thanatos_rises -rrb- ☺
1 do n't get your best friend any type of ipod ... they 'll screw you over . . sorry kara . . no $t$ for you ... maybe i 'll get you a zune . lol
1 god i love the roots . seems like they are wasted on the jimmy fallon show .
1 t jefferson supported gov run health care , fast forward to 2010 & lobbyist/insurers pay politicians john mccain & tea party radicals off
1 oh yeah we saw a boy in uni today who might have been barack obama . me , llinosd and samsamsammie screeched
1 agree about lesson . imho psp will disappear but ds will soldier on due to game piracy devices/huge userbase . cheap games = success
1 me too !!! oh how i hate britney spears porn bots .
1 britney i love you ' britney spears and justin timberlake '
1 ngs quick update : call of duty 4 modern warfare announced for nintendo wii -
1 clinton warns on pakistan threat : hillary clinton says an attack on pakistan 's army hq shows an increasing militant threat , but its nucl . .
1 that aing gon na work ... - > exclusive : jeremy piven being considered as charlie sheen replacement - .
1 i favorited a youtube video -- little lady gaga fans .
1 do you know how to read ? want to read like a 21st century badass and not like a douchebag ? win a kindle !
1 to compete with sarah palin , joel stein wrote his autobio in a single day endlessly awesome
1 like no ! i 'm a 17 year old ... i do n't want to see your naked pictures or see britney spears sucking someone off ! hahah gross !
1 - for everything but resource books i like marking in , kindle has become my only way of reading books . i have saved 100s !
1 do you think lindsay lohan ever turns on the television , watches an old movie with her as the star and whispers ' fuck my life ' to herself ? opinions .
1 lady gaga finds ' faith in my creativity ' in hbo special preview : $t$ muses on her quick ... . .
1 it 's official : george bush was such an asshole you can win the nobel peace prize just by not being him !
1 musicmonday britney spears - 3 best song out right now hands down !
1 on sarah palin ' s book '' going rogue '' is that like going commando ? / / yes but also without lipstick
1 as much as madonna disgusts me , the woman has good taste in boots .
1 \ i hate the windows 7 ' my idea ' adverts ... esp as most of the new features were again pinched from apple . if you 're a pc then fuck off
1 fame is in stores now . it features ludacris , justin bieber , wiz khalifa , big sean , and many more .
1 dabuni imadejoolaff mcmama79 well i need a new dvd player and i want to put it in my bedroom and leave the wii downstairs
1 i use harmon.ie -lrb- . -rrb- , a great outlook sidebar . it lets me share docs to google docs and sharepoint when i send attachments .
1 barack obama does not , and should not rock a cape , imo .
1 just got digital television for pc . it trumps the draconian '' cable '' television westindians like it ... get a google wave invite too !
1 so with vmware fusion 3.0 i can suckle the nectar of both windows 7 and snow tiger ? wow that would be heaven ... bsod
1 like my husband said perhaps mr. steve jobs & apple can work on getting us a user friendly tv/cable remote device .
1 i use windows vista , and i like it . mac are just pc 's running bsd . steve jobs has never had an original idea . ; - p
1 had a dream i was singing justin bieber 's baby song , woke up with it stuck in my head , got ready to it . had a good day . truelifestories
1 i ate her cooch she sucked my meat ... the lakers beat the heat . ! icecubevoice
1 shawties like a melody in my head that i cant keep out . got me singing like na na na na everyday . its like my ipod stuck on replay .
1 omg that russell brand and katy perry shit relationship is sooo fake poor girl i hope she 's at least getting paid 4 it ...
1 the complete guide to google wave is a comprehensive user manual by gina trapani with adam pash .
1 gon na go cut and paste in my jammies & listen to harry potter . that 's how this zinester rolls .
1 just saw windows 7 for the first time in parallels 5 ... both shiny worlds in one :--rrb- also , they seem to be promoting linux support now too !
1 britney spears debate supplement 2011 | $t$ junk food | gossip cop .
1 alicia keys and swizz beatz : best dressed couple at met ball : while hitmaker swizz was looking sharp in a classic ... .
1 ha i wonder if hes still making those gay wii things on youtube .
1 '' i worry about defense cuts not because i expect war but because i so badly want peace . '' - sarah palin
1 why does soulja boy still try ... give it up
1 jennnco yes ! real time tweets while watching harry potter . lovely !
1 lakers awesome blocks video . ld2k lives !
1 dark forces are keeping lindsay lohan from being with her true love . but where there 's a broken heart , there 's . .
1 watch this muh fucking harry potter and do this research lol . rt _ icasey _ : what am i gon na do ?
1 using google wave to share porn with friends it 's a great way to see how it handles movies and images : - d
1 you know you 're a true geek when you dress like an iphone for halloween !
1 - itunes suggests i buy some britney spears because i like iron & wine . fail .
1 traditional ? more like '' normal '' . an e-book is not a book . a kindle is not a book . you need pages . you need heft .
1 loves britney spears ! she is awesome : d
1 cracks me up too ! this pothole commercial for geico cracks me up . '' soooooooooo . . ok , bye ! '' sounds like britney spears .
1 barack obama enlists doctors on health bill ! staff passes out lab coats for photo illusion , acting beneath the dignity of the office hcr
1 obama and osama are both in favor of war in lybia lmao $t$
1 beautiful new standard . accujazzradio my first time seeing a britney spears song played as jazz .
1 level26 please pick me for the pod touch . then i wo n't have to buy a kindle .
1 kelly , actually this is the real lindsay lohan ... sevinnyne6126 , it is a verified account . the other is not her . sorry
1 william ayers says john mccain is a war criminal . . this coming from a guy who has killed . . men woman and children of his own people . . classic
1 britney spears wants custody of kids - now , damn it ! k-fed & $t$ youtube chili ' child support !
1 xbox live : jakobb is currently online . playing left 4 dead 2 demo . campaign - expertthe parish - part 2 . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 subscriber content read previewsarkozy faces tough pitch to obama
1 out of all the harry potter the only one i didnt mess with was goblet of fire . because i read that book and it sucks because it was sooo off
1 i love britney spears !! : $ she 's well gid !
1 sooo i 'm watching harry potter cause i hate going 2 sleep this early . . imma end up waking up around 3am ... then imma b tight . . sleep go away !!
1 hilary swank : elle dort nue , envers et contre tous ! : $t$ , propulsée au rang de star gr & agrave . .
1 this nigga cory gunz is dumb as fuck you turn down a million dollar deal with ym/cmb and . signs to nick cannon mother fucking $t$ - __ -
1 iraft is such a good iphone application
1 noticias ashton kutcher and demi moore launch ' real men do n't buy girls ' campaign -lrb- video -rrb- .
1 lindsay lohan ordered to appear in court . get the full story at flylip celebrity news and gossip
1 np soulja boy - -lrb- 1up -rrb- my utter-utter-utter bullshit ... my ears are bleeding .
1 goaly moly : daniel radcliffe admires lady gaga 's flamboyant support of gay rights .
1 what has been barack obama ' is biggest mistake so far ?
1 waw justin bieber yg one less lonely girl ada di posisi ke 26 di chart 100 billboard , britney spears yang 3 malah langsung nmr 1 -_-
1 lady gaga 's mother will be joining her on tour to make sure she does n't drink too much . she is said to be worried about her health .
1 i bloody love you madonna you bloody legend ! xxxxx wish i could be like you .
1 seriously , foramilliondollars i would kiss britney spears : -rrb-
1 britney spears ' s single 3 reaches no 1 in the us : singer is happy her fans like the song
1 binxdecosta and three shots of vodka mixed with monster mixed with rockstar mixed with lady gaga 's po po po po pokerface mixed with fuck !!!
1 cnet : take notes by hand -- on the ipad : one promise of the $t$ was that it would be great for students . a new note ... .
1 9 looks like a little sarah palin lol she 's cute ! - thumbs up
1 '' and rock and rock , he 's a good one ladies . . i might need him for another class , or after . '' roflrofl , lindsay lohan movie .
1 i mean if someone as grotesque & hideous as lady gaga can do it , you 'll be fine .
1 there 's no hogwarts without you hagrid i love harry potter ! abc family is my best friend .
1 lose it ! rocks , but i ca n't seem to get it to transer my data from itouch to iphone after backup/restore . any suggestions ?
1 seems like everybody is getting google wave invites except for me ! boohoo . . anybody have an extra invite they want to share ?
1 nintendo is the master of putting forth minimal effort and receiving maximum profit . new super mario brothers wii looks horrible
1 someone like harry potter ? i love ♥
1 '' hornets : hornets sign free agent center d.j. mbenga . the former lakers appeared in 49 games last season for la . '' < :-lrb- i love mbenga ouch
1 i hate playing hide & seek with my ipod !
1 boutta put on ma nicki minaj n get ready
1 infect me with your love and fill me with your poison . eek ! i love katy perry so much :-rrb- -rrb- -rrb-
1 smellycents i hope madonna buder made the cutoff . her story is an inspiration to anyone who thinks '' i ca n't do that '' ironman
1 hillary clinton must retract remark about sri lanka using rape as war tactic - sl foreign minister bogollagama tells us ambassador butenis
1 am i the only one having problems w | aim on the stupid iphone ??
1 villains we love : lucius malfoy - cinematic : i love the harry potter series -lrb- books and movies -rrb- , and i care ab . .
1 you try to mess with obama , you 'll get a bullet in your head , courtesy george bush .
1 is lindsay lohan being a bad girl ?
1 charlie sheen might think he 's winning but he 'll die like everybody else he better look 4 someone who 'll offer eternal life jesus - > ftw
1 hillary clinton hails special relationship - times online : telegraph . co . $t$ hails special relationshiptime
1 oprah and elie weisel during auscwitz part 1 .
1 `` only through focus can you do world-class things , no matter how capable you are . '' - bill gates quote
1 fucking madonna '' what the hells a disco stick ? '' ... aww funny lol
1 ' i love , you love ' by john legend is a damn lullaby ... about to put this one song on repeat tonight . shoot
1 justin timberlake n timbaland . . that 's a bomb . . plus keri hilson , nicole scherzinger , and brandy at shock value tour . . dats boom !!
1 youtube is now going to transcode all new uploads in webm format regardless of resolution . great news ! . google
1 '' i wish they had something called anti-social media . now that i would join '' . fake steve jobs
1 i favorited a youtube video -- f1 rocks ! part 2 lindsay lohan introduces no doubt
1 news : `` lindsay lohan ' s family is planning to stage an intervention . '' i hope lindsay does n't read this , would kind of spoil the whole thing . .
1 nowplaying katy perry - who am i living for ? myplaylist
1 '' do it because it 'll make sarah palin go rogue in her pants . ''
1 i love harry potter . < 3
1 what has obama done ? u act like he has made sum miracles or something . . he is the african george bush . . after all they r related
1 j' adore the new shakira cd !! it 's totally different , a little britney spears like but i love it . makes me shake my ass like a donkey !!
1 actually killing myself laughing at the justin bieber / slipknot mash up . i actually think its pretty good !
1 and in regards to madonna , she spent years being an lgbt/aids activist , so i think she 's proven herself a supporter already .
1 i mean , i have nothing against selena , but i really do think she is using him . just look at taylor lautner and nick jonas . all for publicity
1 that 's way better than a psp and the latest gta
1 britney spears new song is about a threesom . but its 2 guys one girl ? i believe that 's called a gangbang . dirty britney - eww
1 women groups in alaska against sarah palin -lrb- for firing a top-cop against domestic violence -rrb-
1 just remembered i had a dream last night where i was using an ipad - whatever could that mean ? : - -rrb-
1 listening : britney spears - crazy
1 my google chrome flash plugin crashes everyday -- that 's why i hate it . it happens because it sometimes lags and i get impatient . clickclick
1 shout out 2 lakers follow back if you love the $t$ like we do
1 colin , with the scar on your forehead , are you harry potter ' is cousin ?
1 hey , guys -lrb- and gals -rrb- . i am shamelessly looking for google wave buddies . any yeah lib . tweeps want to share wave addresses ?
1 madonna and alex rodriguez sex tape scandal : who was involved in the hottest celebrity sex tape scandals ? celebrity ... .
1 i 'm mortified when i was downloading britney songs it said similar artists '' paris hilton '' ... uhh yeah , okay buddy . falseadvertisement
1 who ? britney spears , lady gag or taylor swift ? x
1 did a remix for clubs/our dj family for our new single '' if i was you -lrb- omg -rrb- '' - fm ft snoop dogg . listen + download link : .
1 omg dumb and dumber are trashing britney spears ' oops i did it again
1 3 -rrb- my birthday is the same month as justin bieber 's : ' -rrb-
1 next to you by justin bieber and usher ! . via youtube
1 orbit 's november $ 1 book for kindle : blood ties by pamela freeman now avail for $ 1 in $t$ ed at amazon
1 rt static_spaz : right here rt bigjamaal : lakers where y' all at ?
1 cantknockhishustle :-rrb- rt nectar_imperial : stevejobslovesyou rt lumidizzle : i want an phone , ipad and a -lrb- continued -rrb- .
1 on the record : justin timberlake , john mayer , the rapture ytso
1 lindsay lohan is having some sort of pill-swallowing mental breakdown on twitter ... i must admit in mildly amused
1 ron paul & judge napolitano : obama 's illegal war . no difference between republicans & democrats both addicted to war
1 i 'm starting to like windows 7 . good so far
1 what do you think of my nintendo wii console solution on fixya ? please rate !
1 miley cyrus no longer has a twitter ? hmm ... okay then . now in other news : does madonna not realize her music is horrible ?
1 if pasting steve jobs ' head on tinker bell 's body is offensive then i do n't want to be inoffensive :
1 revisiting lindsay lohan ' s glory days
1 it took too many hours to get my itunes right . i was going to finally upgrade to a ipod classic but my shitty town does n't have what i want .
1 ashley tisdale -lrb- finally -rrb- buys a birkin ! : courtesy $t$ ; inset : startraksthe wait is finally over : aft ... .
1 rt sheila_so_sexy : rt tastemypussy who 's watching the sorry lakers play 2nite ? < -- fuck the $t$ !!! if you not a heat fan ... staby ...
1 so pictures of flowers through email are the new way to show thanks :-rrb- ~ loving our 8th graders and their ipad .
1 like britney spears . what a hoebag
1 friend : i ca n't believe arnold schwarzenegger is the prime minister of canada wtf
1 shiteremakes angel heart . robert pattinson as harry angel , russell brand as the devil .
1 for christmas can someone get me a new psp with little big planet please ! playing katamari on a broken screen is irritating now !
1 anyone have an iphone charger on them today at asist09 ? not sure i 'm going to last the rest of the day !
1 millanebastos chicks giggle : : rt ricolover : 24krichboy lol those were lady gaga 's words . you know my stance -lrb- continued -rrb- .
1 '' we 're damn serious about it . '' john boehner - if you 're that ' damn ' serious about it , are you not getting a paycheck next week either ?
1 idc that there 's 6 more preseaon games . i rejoice in the return of the nba and my la lakers ! haters stay pressed in the line to the left . < 3
1 just saw a game for the wii from the foodnetwork . i love the foodnetwork , but a game ? really ?
1 rt teacherinme : 4 awesome drawing apps for ipad . -lsb- video -rsb- $t$ children kids apps autism sped specialneeds
1 thank you , britney spears , for ruining my favorite number 3 .
1 that was easier than i thought ... got a vista computer and windows 7 computer to share nicely . i learned how both os are same yet different .
1 lindsay lohan hits rock bottom deadly diet of '' vodka , cocaine and piles of prescription pills . '' caroline look she 's living the life !
1 when a nicki minaj song comes on .
1 my befriend just quoted soulja boy . fail !
1 i love this song ... 3 by britney spears . ...
1 is anyone else having problems sending/receiving texts on their iphone -lrb- at & t -rrb- today ?
1 halloween : dress just like us ! : i have donned many a get-up for halloween : britney spears at the superbowl rea . .
1 less than a year and obama wins a nobel peace prize ... george bush must feel like a real assholio !
1 the best benefits of the sony psp : if you 're looking at owning a sony $t$ or you already have one , it & 82 . .
1 rt hey_virg anybody have google talk or whateva that shit called
1 . after all the attacks by joe biden , dennis kucinich , hillary clinton will obama be damaged goods ... egypt sport news : -rrb-
1 sorihanna.com rihanna thought russel was an idiot - one india : russell brand might be a comedian and hu ... . rihanna
1 awesome night ... spooned while watching harry potter movies lol .
1 britney spears is alive and well , contrary to docs we just got .
1 party in the what house ! barack obama will host fiesta latina in honor of hispanic heritage month .
1 ha x -rrb- i don hate lindsay lohan that much , i just hate her because shes been a total slut lately lololol
1 what 's good som ? got an iphone now ...
1 terjebak dalam kemacetan kemang with wife , while listening to britney spears from the radio . why my thumbs suddenly ca n't stop moving ??
1 shakira and pique 2011 . advertisement : $t$ and pique 2011 . $t$ and picnic photos 2011 . the best pictures of ... .
1 how bad was lindsay lohan ' s ungaro collection ?
1 i love that song :-rrb- 3 '' britney spears '' your beautiful , btw : -rrb-
1 wah ! did n't get your pretty summer cover on my kindle . fun2 finally have covers in my office
1 do you want free stuff i got a site and leave me your email and i will invite it is true because i won a psp 3000 on this site
1 donald trump over here talking about prez obama needs to show his birth certificate ... fucking idiot !
1 britney spears love you * - * britneypromote3
1 you know you bad when you walk through life with no fear . we living with demons and satan 's angels all around us like death eaters -lrb- from harry potter -rrb-
1 dear santa , i would really love to get edward , ron , the twins harry potter . black and maybe snape for christmas :-rrb- thanks !
1 tastemypussy i like you ! you hate the lakers as much as i do ! goboston !
1 rt matt_muir : this is fucking wonderful . great presentation from google containing the best online creative of the year : . ...
1 get halo best game on the xbox in fact only game or do i need more games
1 britney spears as well if you seek amy -lrb- fuck me ! -rrb-
1 breasts tits knockers hilary swank nude pictures . emmy-winning celeb shows off her huge boobs . impressive rack !
1 victoriajustice go see harry potter !! its amazing !
1 atvi_bernard iasg14 i was able to get into the wii music store on gh5 on my $t$ . can you try again ?
1 wii reviews : shaun white snowboarding : world stage : extreme sports , from ubisoft
1 cool it -lrb- 2010 -rrb- a reasonable and intelligent alternative to al gore 's exaggerations . 7/9
1 photos from the gorgeous britney spears ' set of the '' 3 '' music video :
1 booker tweet : did n't hillary clinton deserve the peace prize for making peace between . .
1 wow lot of 128 ps3 - psp - ps2 - wii - gamecube - box - box 360
1 barack obama getmo is open , troops in iraq , china no climate change , iran more nucs , no olympics . no cap & tax , no gov . hc , losing afgan tcot
1 harry potter ! woohoo ! you are all fabulous at $t$ trivia ! congratulations to winner number 9 angrybrownguy .
1 omg twitter is killing me with these spam as followers especially this britney spears ish ughhhhh
1 and here i am , sleeping alone in the dark , listening to '' dreaming with a broken heart '' - john mayer . goodnight ... .
1 i know it was a joke . she is a sicko lindsay lohan fan . there where pictures from will with what looked like a herpes on her mouth .
1 doom classic for the iphone . brilliant bought !! fb
1 in minneapolis for the weekend . beginning the drive from hell but at least i have the girl with the dragon tattoo on my ipod .
1 has any other nyc people seen the absolutely terrible bowl • mor britney spears ads ? the ones that kinda look like photoshop threw up ?
1 nick cannon is sum shit
1 your my hero ! < 3 and like besides britney spears , your the prettiest girl everrrrrrrrrr .
1 . . no , no , it 's perfectly normal to be in love with a harry potter actor at 23 . if you are an insane person .
1 '' damn they just aired lindsay lohan on e ! with a low blow lol this dude said she making a clothing line . the 1st line she had that did n't ...
1 weejay619 i hate the lakers lol
1 demi tomato , selena guava , miley citrus , hotnas brothers , taylor sweep , lady dada , bruno jupiter , britney pears , katy berry . epic
1 yo barack , i 'm really happy for you , imma let you finish . but jimmy carter had some of the best peacemaking efforts of all time ! of all time !
1 i hope windows 7 is on point . have you seen the nook from barnes n noble ? look better than the kindle
1 shaq is questionable , von wafer is day-to-day , and jermaine is out for the celtics ... wish our c 's luck as they look to carry momentum
1 tiger woods going for gold in 2016 olympics . i think he will get it .
1 otx : xbox 360 games switching to ps3 for modern warfare 2 and assassin 's creed 2
1 what are some websites that are good for downloading psp movies ? : i tried torrent but it started messing up my . .
1 ha , uncle obumm , rhymer ! someone please shoot me ! lindsay lohan is freaking lame . what a freaking pain
1 i never cared about james marsden much until i flipped by jimmy fallon 's show tonight and saw his impression of john malkovich .
1 i ca n't wait to see the micheal jackson this is it movie . . ima probably cry real talk . . r.i.p mj
1 michele bachmann is such a dumb ass . do n't know who has more sense , you or sarah palin . the jury is out on that .
1 lol i just made a lindsay lohan voice . funny shiiizz
1 san francisco -- tiger woods provided a fitting conclusion sunday to a perfect week at the presidents cup , for . .
1 britney spears release party :-rrb- ... i love la land !
1 i 'll do it ! i swear so help me budda i 'll do it ! i 'll go chris_crocker _ on your ass if you do n't leave lindsay lohan alone !
1 and then pharoah did n't let my people go , even though they were hilarious , so god sent plagues like boils , lice + kim kardashian . - passover
1 i love britney spears new song '' 3 '' so good hahaha
1 confirmed : netmeeting runs in experience mode on windows 7 . is it fast ? no , not really . but it might do in a pinch .
1 oh wow john and edward doing britney spears = the hardest ive laughed in ages
1 lakers are fucking hot . .
1 ☑ actress ☑ singer ☑ role model ☑ beautiful ☑ amazing ☑ adorable ☑ funny ☑ inspirational - miley cyrus . we ♥ cyrus
1 your work is going to fill a large part of your life & the only way to do great work is to love what you do , ~ steve jobs
1 do n't get the psp go ? compare it to any other portable gaming device . now you understand . you 're not getting god of war and get anywhere else .
1 the chuck norris jokes are old ... replacing chuck norris with charlie sheen is n't funny either
1 that awkward moment when you 're gon na give nick jonas a hug but he high fives you because hugs are over-rated to him .
1 kindle ' is like an book reader . . much like the pod is for music . am i right ? ratichaudhary
1 bought her friend a wii ... just ' cause .
1 nicolas cage is not responsible for his financial irresponsibility -lrb- e ! online -rrb- : when it comes to taking the blame for . .
1 i get the pattern where justin likes beyonce and kim kardashian -lrb- big asses -rrb- , but then there is selena ... no ass no boobs . she was bornthatway
1 golf presidents cup : tiger woods exacts some revenge in clinching win : a perfect 5 - 0-0 run to lead the you ...
1 quaal a melhoor lady gag ou britney spears ?
1 lindsay lohan as the dust continues to settle around the disaster that was $t$ ' s debut collection for . .
1 ohhaiharlee i love how you call me a nerd when i talk about how much i love harry potter in seventh pd and you -lrb- continued -rrb- .
1 np britney spears - why should i be sad
1 who is that guy ? i never heard of him . obama trashed sarah palin during the election , both parties guilty nsacar
1 obama and boehner are budget deal 's odd couple - the daily beast : the deal brokered by barack obama and john boehner helps the presid ...
1 ha watched the first and second harry potter movies , just realized how much i love them , lol
1 typical big noting -lrb- ... mega jealous ? who ? me ? -rrb- rt bradwal just been lakers nba pre-s game . awesome . kobe and gasol great to watch .
1 rumor has it that steve jobs ' lip prints are on every mac , he having given each a kiss of blessing , but i do n't believe it .
1 nicki minaj is crazy . lmao with all those damn accents . well we all a little ' crazy . * shrugs *
1 got my ipad . yay ! i love the open commerce the interwebs gives us .
1 i guess we all do get pissed off when we wake up from a good dream suppose it 's just more profound when britney spears says it . * blankstare *
1 ... um ... a beer being chased by angry peanut butter jar holding a pb making machines ? ... no harry potter references ?
1 taylor swift was a five seed in the esquire sexy bracket ??? die in a fucking fire of your own burning , awful , pussy lyrics , bitch .
1 heaven on earth ~ britney spears x -rsb- it 's the perfect song , for me ... d : - gasp - i 'm being concieded .
1 '' espn pga - golf will be added in the 2016 and 2020 summer olympics ; tiger woods has indicated he would play '' its about damn time !!
1 i could kill that woman on the windows 7 advert . you did n't invent a computer in a taxi . bimbo .
1 watching honeymoon in vegas reminded me how awful nicolas cage is .
1 listening to : smile '' by micheal jackson , this song always seems to relax me .
1 ohh i love britney spears rhythm ! ha i also love arabic belly dance :d i want to learn to dance it lol
1 rock the dub : -lsb- video -rsb- lady gag with madonna on snl -lrb- -rrb-
1 did you upgrade to windows 7 ? i cant get a fresh install installed , stupid drivers errors
1 ohh i know am late . but i just saw harry potter last friday . twas awesome !
1 obama : gaddafi has to go but he can stay ????? what ? via 4paulryan
1 would you pay more for an ebook in advance of print ? i guarantee you harry potter and dan brown fanatics would . toc
1 obama wins the nobel peace prize simple because he is not george bush . congratulations on not being bush !
1 watching million dollar baby ... absolutely love hilary swank !
1 xbox live : lilc lbw is currently online . joinable - playing gears of war 2 . private annex on blood drive . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 iran newsdaily : u.s. sees advance in iran nuclear cooperation : president barack obama ' is top security ad . .
1 seriously i don want fucking britney spears porno twitter following me
1 listen musicthe britney spears :d is really good : ; -rcb-
1 vino_aholic wii fit is fabulous - it sure is , even has a proper go at you when you do n't use it for a while !
1 lindsay lohan ' s probation extended , judge wants no more misunderstandings - access hollywood : $t$ ' s probation ex . .
1 dina lohan `` begging '' lindsay 's friends to help her : lindsay lohan ' s life is on a downward spiral . let & 82 . .
1 thank you bon :-rrb- i enjoy playing around with my psp program love all beautiful colors
1 john and edward for the win . singing britney spears , genius ! i love love love love love them ! and lloyd < 3
1 new super mario wii got dumped early ... sounds like there 's some antipiracy stuff on it though
1 rt all_day_jay : rt hey_virg anybody have google talk or whateva that shit called
1 rt : sincerelyjaylyn embrcthemartian : sooo my mom loves lady gaga very weak / / dont be a hater / / iwas very thinking of you when she said that
1 balloon boy caught in popular soho nightclub with coke nose , lindsay lohan might not be far from the truth . thispassesassocialdiscourse
1 two people liking nicolas cage does not mean they are soul mates .
1 okay ive honestly had it with the britney spears sucking penis following me . . who is the owner of twitter ! i have a few choice words for them
1 why the fuck have i got justin bieber in my head ? time to listen to the_blackout and try and rescue my sanity .
1 today , we have a president given to us by the democratic party , just like jimmy carter in the 1970 's . tcot
1 ! bye_bye_love its a shame though . britney spears , nsync , and the backstreet boys have made jive .
1 lindsay lohan looks really terrible these days .
1 i favorited a youtube video -- justin bieber hits on barbara walters the view ! - runaw ... .
1 did taylor swift and selena gomez influence nikki minaj 's next single ? .
1 because you 're mom dresses like harry potter , your sexual desires are a little weird .
1 justlikejesus - except if sarah palin was following me , i 'd turn around and tell her to eat shit .
1 happy birthday ! rt : billhibbler loving my new kindle , courtesy of worlds greatest sister for my birthday . thanks mistykhan
1 shout out to the cute ass asian girl who hooked it up with my iphone case .
1 do n't try to text . i wo n't receive it . i am in the worst mood ever . doing a book project on harry potter , what else ?
1 i 'll b sure to get a copy of your book . thanks 4 contacting me see !! uncovering steve jobs ' presentation secrets
1 perfect couples : selena gomez & nick jonas
1 hey you ... im in my room relaxing with my gurls . . while there taking over my damn television playing my wii ... lmaoooo
1 lady gag and madonna kiss black guy : author : smajmal62 keywords : lady gag . .
1 whats the deal with lindsay lohan . . she 's 23 , looks 43 and acts like she 's 13 . . hahahaha . . lol
1 emma i 'm your fan i love harry potter i 'm from brazil if someday you come here in brazil , please let me know i 'm your number 1 fan
1 i got bored tonight , so decided to infect my macbook professional with windows 7 ... hmmm . .
1 rt pbs_design : an application to '' enable the ipad to work like a waccom . '' / via vonsterwow ! that would be awesome .
1 harry potter is idiotic and annoying . why are there 7 books and he 's still alive ?
1 good thing i remembered my ipod this morning . too bad i forgot my headphones .
1 i had a crazy harry potter / star wars crossover dream last night . it was awesome !
1 o_o ; please , everybody is copying the amazon kindle . barnes & noble sued over nook design
1 musicology 187 - when you beat a dead horse , you ca n't complain when it starts to smell like britney spears - ...
1 australia is the best damn country in the whole wide world ! thank you selena gomez , justin bieber and chris brown ! they are all here !
1 amelia and then new moon ! fall has so many great movies in store rt i want this wardrobe : hilary swank in amelia
1 is debating what dvd to watch next , still in robert pattinson mood so maybe harry potter or dvd that miss h got me
1 the evil that men do - iphone worm installs photo of rick astley as wallpaper . oh the horror , the horror .
1 big news from the sweet couple ! justin bieber celebrates his 17th birthday with selena gomez .
1 lesson learned today : tiger woods on the xbox is way easier than golf in real life .
1 i know if kept quiet my dear leslie marshall can support a 2012 ticket of ron paul & sarah palin becouse you love america ! : -rrb-
1 khloe kardashian upset over weighty subject and lamar odom 's refusal to clean up : respect the game ; respect your ... .
1 yes , last.fm on xbox is ace . sky player does n't miss a beat , either . finally , some $t$ love for the uk .
1 the colbert report - intro : oct 12 , 2009 : the world has a peace prize in its pocket for barack obama , dr. sanja . .
1 britney spears , the go-go 's , duran duran , sting , reo speedwagon , air supply , morrisey + 100 's more !!! rock & roll tee 's www.vintagevampe.com
1 forabilliondollars i 'll punch jimmy carter in his face , lmao
1 kim kardashian has the personality and charisma of the drapery hanging in an economy suite at a comfort inn .
1 does anyone know of any thingys which convert youtube videos into videos which can go onto your ipod ? if that makes sense : -rrb-
1 if harry potter ' is so damn magical , why the heck ca n't he cure his eyesight ?
1 the awkward moment when rebecca black actually thinks nick jonas likes her song , when he 's really just making fun of her . thatwasawkward
1 justin drew bieber is the dream of millions of gals . . he 's an inspiration to all . . how awesome is that !
1 cool ... i 've been debating between an iphone and the droid . thinking i might pick up a droid in a few months .
1 britney spears lucky makes me sad : -lrb-
1 i hope scaramento beat the fucking lakers !
1 god bless souljaboy and his family
1 fighting identity theft ! : how to protect your personal finances - by carolyn warren - kindle edition .
1 not since charo 's book '' cuchi-cuchi '' has the world so anxiously awaited release of anticipated literary masterpiece of sarah palin ' s book . .
1 hate those fuckers rt skyarticless : rt jewleeb : lakers
1 100factsaboutme 3 . i love justin bieber and selena gomez : -rrb-
1 just plugged in my very old printer , hoping it would work with my new laptop . within 5 minutes , windows 7 found & loaded the driver . awesome
1 go go go jordan !!! oh and she 's dancing a tribute to micheal jackson . yes baby . loveeee you !
1 ipod messed up again because i went to install winterboard and it camera up with restore again !! : -lrb-
1 just made my budget for the next month . i might cry looks like i wont be getting a wii or a flat screen or more furniture any time soon . fml
1 not a fan of '' there 's a map for that '' but this is great : verizon puts iphone in the land of the misfit toys with latest ad
1 jimmy carter , joe wilson , barack obama , kanye west , taylor swift scandal flowchart
1 sad news : barack h . obama elementary school to close its doors .
1 britney spears changed my life funny pop music t shirt
1 barack obama says he 's keeping his nobel peace prize as he wages ... .
1 one of my most beloved amiga games coming to phone and ipad . speedball2 plsdntfkitup -lrb- via tinmangames -rrb- / / mine too !!
1 donald trump found a level of crazy weird enough to knock sarah palin off the news cycle . - i 'm president obama 's worst nightmare ! really ?
1 the interview yesterday was absolutely amazing ! i was tearing up a little with all those wonderful questions that gaga answered and btw ♥
1 wii : video zum intro-level von call of duty : modern warfare
1 anyways ... . when is lindsay lohan going to make another movie ? is her career over ? or what ?? lol just curious
1 watching the video for '' music '' by madonna . i would n't fuck her with a stolen penis < who would steal a penis ? lmao
1 love lady gaga 's '' fashion '' and '' vanity '' songs !
1 who has mario car or animal crossing on wii ? i 'm sick , bored and need friends on the game lol
1 please digg : nude it application for the iphone - fake or real ?
1 you stupid twitters with the default picture of britney spears sucking a cock stop trying to follow me witchaweakass
1 ngmoco i love to play from my ipad !!! but if it 's not available or i 'm too lazy to carry it in bed , it 's my phone
1 '' i go through life like a karate kid '' - britney spears
1 finally started the long progress of upgrading my iphone to 3.1.2 . step 1 : download 3.0 firmware should i require it .
1 lindsay lohan use to look fucking hot circa mean girls now she 's just a fucking mess imjustsayin
1 breaking : kanye west says '' imma let you finish barack , but jimmy carter ' is nobel was the best ever ! '' -lrb- via rjennings333 -rrb-
1 nicki minaj dead changed girls smhh
1 dave caolo : hilary swank looks so much like amelia earhart it 's unnerving .
1 look ! huge ass rims on any car is terrible ! if you shoe size is 10 why would you get shaq 's size ??? get shit that fits ...
1 lady gaga 's '' born this way '' is 1 on the billboard hot 100 chart for a 6th consecutive week !
1 your welcome so your favorite song -lrb- mine is piece of me - britney spears -rrb- -lrb- or party in the usa-miley cyrus -rrb- :-rrb- :-rrb- :-rrb- :-rrb- :-rrb- :-rrb- :-rrb- :-rrb- : !!
1 democrats love bob dole . americans love sarah palin .
1 minivanblues apple survey - do apple products rule your world ? ipad sucks ? apple .
1 nerdtweet i love harry potter . i 'll watch this all day before anything else
1 senator john mccain manages colloquy on health care reform -lsb- part 3 ... : sex education does not necessarily entai ... .
1 lindsay lohan ' s ex would have been a stylish guy !! if she were n't a girl !! hehehe !! check out the dior home jeans !!
1 the lakers suck !!!!
1 justin bieber cant have sex under the covers because he 's fucking clausaphobic . lol . however the hell you wan na spell that .
1 smoking up some weed does not make you a criminal -- just ask barack obama .
1 omgg ! i just got spammed by britney spears ! - minus the luxury , of course . lol funny . shame on me . boys will be boyz !
1 i can honestly say i never liked britney spears , even before all the drama . is there even a point to this song ?
1 last day to win a kindle ! share the most important leadership trait for an automatic chance to win :
1 rt thelovestories : always believe in god because there are some questions that can not be answered by google . tls
1 celeb rumors update ! , hilary swank : ` i want children ' -
1 khloe kardashian steps into kourtney 's louboutin sandals : hot and sexy kardashian sisters are famous personaliti ... .
1 picked up a lg 32 '' 1080p lcd set for the bonus room . the wii looks good in hd !
1 $ 10 coupon : dj hero renegade edition jay & eminem wii $ 189.99 : dj hero renegade edition for nintendo $t$ on . .
1 i 've used a kindle only a bit and found its navigation far from simple . $t$ book prices are outrageous too !
1 lots talk about the expendables sequel . . sly not directing , and bigger roles for bruce willis and arnold schwarzenegger ? fingers crossed !
1 i love britney spears such an idol : -rrb-
1 so awesome - richard dawkins hates sarah palin . i love him .
1 ed harris to play john mccain in hbo 's ' game changes ' - what do you think ? .
1 khloe and lamar premieres tomorrow ! is it me ? khloe kardashian is not very attractive . her ring is though lol
1 also 4 iphone . its a voice recognition application 4 b berry . you speak , it types . use 4 text , email , twitter , book , you name it . its awesome
1 is getting hacked off with wrkn all hours god sends & not getting any recognition 4 it from a certain somebody < -- bill gates ?
1 lady gaga -lrb- $t$ -rrb- taunted by burgers . celebrity
1 shiditsmars the lakers finals was annoying as fuck . byron scott is ridiculous ...
1 actually i love micheal jackson , kim kardashian and daddy . they are very successful people who are inspirational .
1 i feel like i should start watching or at least learn a lot more about it . i love playing fifa ' 10 on xbox , so that 's a start !
1 follow me-uncle cracker . much better than britney spears . : d
1 sorry guys , do n't like miley cyrus . . she dress like a prostitute . . and all i see on tumblr is : miley miley miley
1 i actually quite like lindsay lohan ' s fashion line . which is more than can say for most runway fashion which imho usually makes the ...
1 musicmonday 3 - britney spears , no way - lady gag
1 mm madonna - say goodbye ... the video was dope too
1 shocked by kim kardashian sex tape video , posted right here : . omg shocked !!
1 ohh yeah , love them about as much as i love britney spears ! * growls *
1 thatwouldbeawesome if the lakers hit that three-peat this year
1 _ melooo wish you would n't hate on harry potter so much . . just because you ca n't do magic sheesh
1 kesovega apple survey - all apple products stink ? ipad sucks ? freebies .
1 caught madonna ' is like a virgin video on television tonight & realized i work with people that were n't even born when that song was out . scary !!!
1 i do n't like defining myself . i just am ~ britney spears
1 sweet , face/off is on . best travolta/cage movie . also nicolas cage looks badass with a mustache !
1 now listen again to the cd on my ipod à bit more relaxed no clock ticking ... still strange 30 minutes ago i heard the songs live ...
1 mariah carey and nick cannon reveal newborn twins ' names : filed under : celebrity baby , music news , $t$ , ... .
1 caddies looking like real giants : the associated press fittingly , the caddie for tiger woods wore no . 24 . not s . .
1 i watched your letterman appearance with madonna today on you tubenobody does that anymore , everyone 's so well behaved shame
1 if chris brown had beat up a porn star/unknown/gold digger/escort would we have cared ? charlie sheen did & the world thinks he 's winning
1 musicmonday britney spears - heaven on earth
1 just saw a commercial with levi johnston . absolutely insane . i wo n't post the commercial out of respect for sarah palin but i 'm disgusted .
1 engleesh tweeter is like dead chicken no use after 10 momentoes , english fuck tweeter down so quick , like pervert on a paris hilton jardin
1 fantastic cover of 3 by britney spears
1 releaselog | rlslog.net '' new super mario brothers eur wii - ind : if you are a $t$ owner i am sure you have been wait . .
1 need some advice ... i have an asus notebook that is awesome but i 'm wondering if an ipad might suit everyday needs better ... opinions ?
1 shakira could n't even afford real mud to writhe around in when wherever whenever came out . poor little egg .
1 news . real . time historic boost to barack obama ' is health reforms after key republican 's support : on . .
1 awwwww shit niggz just put tekin 6 in the ps3 brb unless i win then im taking ngga bread bt yall might see a tweet sayini lost my psp money
1 ashley , please do n't be like britney spears .
1 russell brand is n't as attractive with a clean face .
1 lady gaga please follow me diva ? , you are amazing $t$ , i love you ♥ follow me please * -- * 8
1 thank you stolidimran , dethzeppelinx , cooperprice89 for rt our event . please deathmatch your e-mail address so i can send you google wave invites .
1 review of too big to fail -lrb- kindle edition -rrb-
1 aceboogie _ fuck the lakers thatisall lol
1 mannequin - britney spears -lrb- yall dnt know what this song does to me ! -rrb- best song ever
1 nicolas cage in the 90s was like a really really slow trainwreck . or , a really poorly acted tlc recreation of a trainwreck .
1 just looking at britney spears website admiring this charm bracelette
1 i predict that lindsay lohan will be dead before she 's 30 years old .
1 dailyquestion musicmonday my favorite dance music is rihanna 's do n't stop the music , britney spears ' s -lrb- you drive me -rrb- crazy & madonna 's music !
1 34 % off terminator : salvation -lrb- xbox 360 -rrb- $ 22.99 : terminator : salvation $t$ 360 on sale for $ 22.99 plus free shipping ...
1 my mom just asked me to remove all lady gag and britney spears songs from her zune
1 iphone deemed the worlds worst phone says cnn -
1 just got done watching harry potter deathly hollows part 1 loved it !!!!!!!
1 i 've got 9 twitter clients on my iphone , love switching off between them . twitterclientosis
1 bbc : clinton warning to afghan leader : us secretary of state hillary clinton says the winner of afghanistan . .
1 she does n't have a clue ! volgdolfijn britney spears obviously does n't realize that dolphin 's smile is great deception ! .
1 just nominated britney spears for best celebrity to follow openwebawards
1 xbox live : c0h33d 4 l1f3 is currently online . playing guitar hero hits . career - guitarrock and roll all night . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 i think it is a big deal for former iphone users . i like the zoom buttons that go away with inactivity .
1 pfsh ! you suck charlie ! go hump nicolas cage
1 just finished crush it . bought egonomics and i 'm reading again . god i love my kindle !
1 madonna is my new idol when it comes to love and relationshipsxd
1 how funny is the video of madonna and lady gag having a cat fight ? a dream come true for meeeee !
1 helen edwards used to son george bush . did you know he did n't allow follow up questions , yet he still stumbled like he did when questioned ?
1 love love love britneyspears ... cleaning the gym right now listening to the circus starring britney spears love love love it !!!!
1 listening to britney spears - break the ice
1 how did obama win nobel honor after 12 days ? : ... barack obama was nominated for the award less than two weeks . .
1 rt yungsavage803 : rt youhavenoteeth : fuck kobe and the lakers . < best tweet ever !
1 cant believe how unfit i am ... so glad i got a wii fit : d
1 you can still get buried above marilyn monroe ! someone call lindsanity !!! : actually , if lindsay lohan or megan . .
1 the left hand side of britney spears begging for toads outside a non-existent synagogue
1 dear lindsay lohan : thank you for looking older at 23 than i do at 37 . it makes my upcoming birthday that much easier to accept . cheers !
1 barack obama won nobel peace prize when george bush deserve it so well . dnt u think so .
1 try this , listen madonna ' is celebration and watch bring me the horizon 's new video with out a sound . its fun ! bmth $t$
1 smh . i never take advantage of the weekends anymore . what would i do without the internet ? shout to bill gates !
1 upgradetwitter : so whoever this penis sucking britney spears bitch is can killherself !!
1 jessicabiel , mila kunis awaits fallout of sexy trailer with justin timberlake - .
1 clearly its time for a sunday madonna dance party . her best songs have to be like a prayer , express yourself , ray of light , vogue
1 i never realized how much ellen page looks like nicolas cage .
1 '' the final countdown '' is stuck in my head . damn windows 7 commercials
1 reading the lovely bones in my kindle . ignoring the world today : -rrb-
1 obama takes ' unprecedented ' aim at leakers -lrb- afp -rrb- . politics
1 i bring you the greatest/most horrible thing ever inventred for the harry potter couch potato
1 rt inibbleonclits : fuck the lakers lol . . teamceltics < that sorry team itz all about the $t$
1 thats exactly how i feel ha everytime i watch harry potter i realize just how much i love $t$ lol
1 i think kim kardashian is desperate to find love and get married .
1 please vote 4 harry potter movie here
1 tell tiger woods you cant injure your knee playing golf
1 i am trying as hard as i can to install windows 7 legally . microsoft just feels like making it almost in-fucking-possible !
1 playing super smash brothers on wii
1 so we thrashed his album but richard ashcroft 's performance on jimmy fallon last night is worth seeing . .
1 this shit is hilarious britney spears - womanizer - parody
1 alicia keys ' hiv benefit concert was fantastic ! had such a great time ! she really is amazing !
1 international kindle is good -lrb- and about time -rrb- but i heard it is not good for technical books . waiting for the quereader .
1 google searching , love sweet poems !! lol !
1 rebecca black 's friday has more views than lady gaga 's born this way . omg
1 this video is so cute -- baby dancing to britney spears !
1 atlast argentina & maradona gets some relief in wcfootball qualifier match against peru , does a great player necessarily becomes a good coach ??
1 stupid kids . purple rain is known for prince , not for justin bieber . what has the world come to . fuck .
1 i found out that the song 3 by britney spears is a song about having a threesome . - i like her even more now .
1 has lindsay lohan hit rock bottom ?!? : photo : good morning ! $t$ might enjoy a little extra attention b . .
1 lindsay lohan ' s hoping for a role . she tells okay ! magazine that she 's interested in starring in a biopic about silent film star clara bow .
1 if i have to hear about new moon one more time , i 'm going to club someone to death with harry potter , a far superior series of books .
1 viciada nessas musicians ! escutem já - 123 britney spears remix . - best i ever had ; drake - ignorance ; paramore - sexy bitch ; david guetta
1 hillary clinton was definitive on today this morning , ruling out another run for pres . who wants to bet that 's the end of that storyline ?
1 we saw harry potter 6 !! the other movies are better though . :] now we 're just relaxing until cell groups !!
1 except you britney spears sucking penis spammers . i hope yall choke on a penis -- > t debnam15 : follow my nigga 3ezy . he a fool
1 my god fareastmovement omg video is ridic with snoopdogg . shout out to rosaacosta . next time an invite ha . www.cherrytreerecords.com
1 congratulations to barack obama on winning the nobel prize -- he is looking more and more like the greek god atlas .
1 lindsay lohan ' s face looks like overcooked hashbrowns
1 super pissed casey got voted off american idol . fuck idol and fuck ryan seacrest . peace .
1 i love the image stabilization in camera genius for iphone . tells me i 'm the one seeing blurry . check please !
1 ouvindo radiojbr adorei a musica the britney spears - i love rock n roll * - *
1 lindsay lohan tweets for samantha , called to court : $t$ has written even more desperate tweets to sama . .
1 senate isakson : obama policies fuel higher gas prices . politics
1 beforewehadjustin , justin timberlake was the bomb . and yes , he still should be . that guy is awesome .
1 hollywood news a beverly hills judge today extended lindsay lohan ' s probation for a year in connection with a 2 . . super stars
1 '' enida_w : so according to ashton kutcher , what men want most of all is ' to be with someone who believes in herself ' - true or false ? '' true
1 i 'm not digging this alien shit katy perry 's got going on . i get her new single 's called et , but shit . calm yo titz
1 going to pensacola with par linz kinz and alex . listening to britney spears first cd . good times .
1 just won a psn redemption code for a mclaren slr limited edition red for gran turismo psp woohoo ! fb
1 - sevinnyne6126 -lrb- lindsay lohan -rrb- trying to be like marilyn monroe . ha
1 50thingsihate justin bieber and selena gomez dating
1 39 . selena gomez is my role model , she is the reason why i got my purity ring .
1 woohooo 1 on the billboard 100 !!!!!! go britney spears !! rt this or we are so not friends anymore . congratsbritney ♥
1 cio magazine : how to create a virtual pc on windows 7 : you 're not supposed to be able to get experience mo . .
1 stephen colbert has n't actually been invited to the royal wedding yet , but since it never hurts to be prepared , ... .
1 rt luanawbatista : lady gaga please follow me diva ? , you are amazing $t$ , i love you ♥ follow me please * -- * 6
1 lol and no we found out last night . josh is a harry potter freak and knew the girls name
1 psp rock band is very similar to amplitude in gameplay . not quite as good but lot closer than anything else they 've done in a while .
1 r kelly and katy perry should 've joined forces on their '' fireworks '' songs . honestly it 's so lame - not worth booking 2 rec studios for ...
1 i love the esvsb and have it on my kindle . it is a great portable version . but would love to have the print version for at-a-glance notes
1 phill that is not lindsay you are starting to sound like perez why lie ? hanging out with lindsay lohan .
1 i regret for not buying psp in white ! looks reaaaly nice . shit . feel like crying ha ha ha
1 nobel '' peace prize '' winner obama , bombs libya , hummmmmm ... the left is so stupid .
1 lakers looking niiiice ... matt barnes fitting in perfect . fuck a heat . only the strong survive . miami aint looking to strong though
1 madonna looked better than ladygaga but i wont get into it
1 '' i do n't know how forcefully we can say there is no wii hd . '' - reggie fils-aime ; wow , i love a corporate quote that definitive .
1 if the only reason you 're following me is so i can see britney spears have sex , do me a favor and block yourself
1 yeah harry potter was great !! only i hate that it is in 2 parts : - s
1 it 's the worst . the day verizon gets the iphone mjkrugerross and i are dropping at & t like a hot potato .
1 im right as of 2007 britney spears sold 75 mill records worldwide and as of 2008 it was 85 mill so this crap about 65 mill is nonsense
1 lakers allday gosuns gowildcats lol
1 so lazy listen music of britney spears , lady gag pink , katy perry i love they music this girls are wonderful !! thanks for your music
1 sarah palin : ' gadhafi is going to end up dead ' - kboi .
1 im coming home with my nephew blasting micheal jackson ... moon walking in onlii his undies lmfao ... priceless
1 fake steve jobs on the ibm air nz fiasco
1 did not know wale , wiz ok , jimmy fallon , marc anthony , tyler perry , & angela simmons were virgos . thanks daily virgo ! random
1 who will survive longer , lindsay lohan or amy winehouse ? : photo : the year 2009 is pretty much synonymous with see . .
1 britney spears should shave her head again ... that was funny : -rrb-
1 i really hate harry potter movies .
1 david_brody i just got quoted by perezhilton wtf ? i feel like lindsay lohan !
1 well i did buy consoles just so i can play tales of sypmhonia and eterina psp . the 360 and vesperia looks nice ...
1 hookup alert : lindsay lohan and ... balthazar getty ?!!? : the good news : $t$ appears to have moved on fr . .
1 noble peace prize !?!?!?! are you fucking kidding me !? i 'm not george bush and i have n't done anything . can i get one ?
1 in honor of matthew 's birthday , we must all listen to lady gag , britney spears and lights , continuously .
1 vipflash britney spears in love -
1 lohan ordered to appear in court : it is unclear why lindsay lohan has been ordered to appear
1 whats this i hear about joe biden & a closet ? joe get stuck & have to be rescued by the secret service again ? remember joe , push don pull
1 '' biyonce _ : wow 90 minute lady gaga special tomorrow on glee . . will definitely watch watch watch . . '' - wow true ??
1 exclusive : lindsay lohan to file restraining order against her father , michael ...
1 wii fit will help us on are way !
1 '' miss & keri deny past romance reports '' / '' paris hilton accused of hating black people '' / '' suge knight brawls in vegas over tupac death talk ''
1 barack obama should definitely get his own gold coin .
1 britney spears miquita and steve in britney clash - the press association : miquita and steve in b . .
1 even britney spears ???!!! omg !!
1 > please retweet . usa its our right ! aspca peta hsus cat dog farm god christian rescue -rrb- nokill to obama , biden senators
1 selena gomez vs . lady gag whose preetier ?? $t$ right ? :-rrb- what do you guys think ... . becca_t1995
1 the diary of anne frank and harry potter . the story should use a malevolent artificial intelligence as a plot device !
1 britney spears - unusual you -lrb- unnofficial video -rrb- ♫
1 n . oh . with are you saying sarah palin '' deserved '' it ? we already know your a group of irrelevant , bitter , hypocritical liars , why keep proving it ?
1 ii love you so much lindsay lohan * you are my idol
1 david letterman '' penis cheney & sarah palin running in 2012 could be a real shot gun marriage . '' tcot
1 hilary swank stars in amelia , a vast , thrilling account of legendary aviation pioneer amelia earhart
1 shoutout to all these damn porn bots ... i would never known that britney spears has had a penis in her mouth before - ___ -
1 since i got the kindle yes i have read more than 12 books in two months that i have had it
1 ms val ! a kiss of shadows book by lkhamilton is free on amazon for the kindle right now . this is merry gentry book 1 .
1 xbox live : nightmare spell is currently online . playing $t$ 360 dashboard . watching a video . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 my bitch is bad ! like martha stewart when she was in jail thuglife based
1 where do you live again ? i love the summer time . i go to the park with my ipod and swing all day . lol
1 hillary clinton warns of a threat in pakistan . the only threat is the remote controlled drones , cowardly killing civilians .
1 - wow stacy ! still looking great . looks like you were trying for britney spears oops i did it aga ...
1 are you shitting me ? another red ring of death ? fucking bill gates can suck my penis
1 by jo piazza are your favorite tweeting celebs like kim kardashian , ashton kutcher and demi moore and charlie sheen controlling their ...
1 arafat , obama . yes . anti-israel and alsoanti - george bush totally left-wing politics like racism , nobel now has no meaning
1 who the hell is pixie lott ? never heard of her till now ... she 's just another superficial girl trying to be another britney spears .
1 what if cervantes , shakespeare , or joyce could n't find the ' add categories ' button ? curse you , kindle !
1 gives two thumbs up for windows 7
1 clawdeeeah is this the real madonna ??
1 omg i just spent real money on apps for my ipod - ha what you buy ?
1 jennyypangg_tw apple survey - what do you think of apple products ? ipad sucks ? mac .
1 i 'm surprised by how useful the windows 7 thing where windows resize themselves to half the width of the screen is . i 'd go as far as '' handy ''
1 having a beer at the marlin and thinking dirty thoughts about sarah palin .
1 charlie sheen bails len dykstra out jail : for len dykstra , it pays to have friends in high places . emphasis on ... .
1 obama gets heat for not taking congress into confidence over operations in libya . - can we turn the heat on zardari ?
1 just watched labor pains with lindsay lohan lol actually really liked it : -rrb-
1 gossip girls >> lindsay lohan : jenni kayne cutie : out for an evening pampering session , lin . .
1 i feel a moral dilemma with liking britney spears ' new song ...
1 typing nigg on my phone results in the spelling suggestion ' niggardly ' steve jobs , you racist bastard . : d
1 sarah palin can win , unless a third party guy like trump runs as an independent and then obama will win .
1 who knew a nobel prize could be so bad ? : let 's face it . barack obama ca n't make another mistake fo . .
1 news us ' wo n't meddle ' pledges clinton - us secretary of state hillary clinton says the devolution of policing and ...
1 fuck the lakers yeahisaidit
1 im reallying liking the song 3 from britney spears lol : -rrb- still love short stack though xox
1 gloves are affordable gloves for ipad , phone and and other touchscreen devices . yeah se puede usar phone con guantes !!
1 ebay : signed jimmy carter nobel peace prize book $ 19.99
1 dear google : i hate you . get a life and stay out of mine . sincerely , me .
1 mmmmmmm twitter on ipad , wow loves apple ... .
1 hey all , check out this free iphone application . let me break it down . hot women + free application = cutestgirls $t$ application .
1 i do n't like madonna either ! maybe i 'm just a vagina ?
1 egyptian revolutionaries would n't meet with hillary recently . guess she was n't offering weapons to kill arabs , then .
1 jonas brothers , demi lovato , selena gomez and britney spears ... i love so much !!!!!!!!!
1 an interesting twitt lindsay lohan ' s latest emotional rant on twitter : examiner.com if lindsay . .
1 omg i want britney spears the ultimate singles collection deluxe !!
1 there are lot of things to be upset about with the impending fed . shut down , but if i do n't get my refund check , i 'll shit on john boehner .
1 -lrb- ° ё ° -rrb- rt fubiz amazing ipad animations .
1 lady gag drops the ' s-bomb ' on snl & grapples with madonna ... : examiner.com it 's a good thing . .
1 the secret diary of steve jobs : why ibm is in trouble with the ... : meanwhile new banks all around the world are . .
1 she got that good good ... she micheal jackson bad n im attracted 2 her with her attractive ass
1 i don hate selena gomez , i think shes a really good actor ... but i do get that little bit of jealous feeling when shes with justin . .
1 harry potter there , now he could be sleeping - luna lovegood -lrb- $t$ 7 part 1 -rrb-
1 call of duty modern warfare pal wii : building on the call of duty4 : modern warfare engine , call of duty : world . .
1 sarah palin was a disaster and 40 years of monty python . it 's history links of the day ! - = 623
1 i 'm on google wave !! now i just have to figure out how to use it , and with no friends on it , it 's rather boring so far .
1 useful link to steve jobs presentation techniques , thanks !
1 so , will the amelia halloween costume look like hilary swank ?
1 i need a drink ... bad real bad micheal jackson !! ~ hun3y d ! pp ~
1 britney spears mixes are always the best in the morning !
1 they 're gon na have xbox and i think some other mess after this technobuffalo
1 '' i still love her , but she 's retarded . '' - guy ritchie on madonna
1 b maher : repeal ' do n't ask , do n't tell ' '' do it because it will make sarah palin go rogue in her pants . ''
1 justin bieber 's the only person who can sound sexy reading directions off a cup of noodles .
1 thank god for last . fm on the xbox . laundry mixed with differential equations and german . ca n't wait for the penguins game tonight .
1 omg ya 'll know professor mcgonagall from harry potter has been having cancer for many years but shes determined to reach the last hp movie !
1 nice what do miley cyrus and barack obama have in common ? they both attract young people with mindless verses . tcot tlot ocra
1 awesome acoustic cover of '' 3 '' by britney spears !
1 wow brother !!! i bet now when that hoe come up missing , that 's gon na be the 1st place you check . now its time to update the ipod . lol
1 chris wright 's book the mission of god seems to be available complete on google books : . awesome .
1 fucking gwar was awesome im soaked in blood and guts and they killed lady gaga but im 2 drunk 2 tweet
1 katy perry peacock ... i wan na see you peacokck
1 lindsay lohan explains ungaro fashion show disaster
1 wii fit plus , huh ? how the hell are kids supposed to get ripped with this tripe . the collector 's edition better come with horse steroids ...
1 britney spears new song '' 3 '' is 1 on the billboard chart , clearly illustrating that american 's have no taste in music .
1 listening to everything britney spears . from baby one time to 3 . this is going to be an awesome night . plus , all her mv 's . fun !
1 interviewed lindsay lohan earlier today . her lips were looking big . like swollen big . but she was surprisingly kinda cool .
1 great read . rt guykawasaki : how to present like steve jobs
1 google show your support for how bad it really is
1 video : my taylor swift experience . live at the lg arena . birmingham , uk . she was so amazing . .
1 my first song on my ipod is world war iii by jonasbrothers
1 '' what the hell is a disco stick . . ???? '' - madonna
1 via palin_deceives on palingates . great photo comparison ! see sarah palin ' s badly faked pregnancy !
1 just finished my fondue dinner , now time to relax back at the hotel . gon na read and play some psp , hopefully i will sleep better today .
1 listening to lady gaga . nateloveslife in mind .
1 cnn decided to fact check a snl skit . . cnnfactcheck -lrb- i 'm sure sarah palin appreciates such rigorous attempts at journalism . -rrb-
1 donald trump is a richer , uglier and much more boisterous version of the very ignorant sarah palin . bravo teamusa . bravo .
1 '' britney spears - lucky '' is a good old song . classic . musicmonday mm
1 - check out ih4th ambassador hilary swank and one adorable puppy !
1 98 % of lindsay lohan . -lrb- if i 'm generous there must be 2 % there thats still '' real '' -rrb-
1 madonna : what the hell is a disco stick ?!
1 google full page preview -- awesome ! -- seo und mobile .
1 maradona website hacked after argentina victory
1 listenning britney spears - blur ♪
1 man wtf charlie sheen kissed jimmy kimmel int he mouth ... no like what is up with this dude ?
1 annesa went shopping and got herself a fabulous coat and ipod touch .
1 now i understand why you said bill gates is evil the other day ! lol
1 sure he 's not talking wii golf ?
1 jimmy fallon is not funny . once in a while funny things may happen on his show , but as a person he is useless . almostasbadasdanecook
1 is it because i am microsoft guy ? or do i have to beg more to get a google wave invitation ?
1 i suppose the quick solution could be to get a cheap hd dvd drive off ebay for your xbox 360 and watch them that way .
1 barack obama ' is peace prize starts a fight : but bobby muller , who won the nobel prize as co-founder of the inter . .
1 i was off telling madonna 2 suck my penis . oh , and my internet connection is hit and miss right now .
1 i love selena gomez so much . especially , her hair and smile . she 's cute , beautiful , and talented ! proudselenators
1 lindsay lohan is above the law
1 how much you wan na bet that people that buy dj hero will think they can dj . they 're gon show up at the club with a wii controller < -
1 john and edward did thee most shitest performance ever . britney spears , out of tune and sync both dancing and singing , funny though
1 damn it , want to buy machinarium now . i also need something new for my ps3 / wii . they are getting dusty , the poor souls .
1 dear lindsay lohan , please give me a call . i think you 're in need of some advice . sincerely , charlie sheen .
1 dude you rock , keep your 15 minutes going you deserve it . sarah palin ' s daughter is hot .
1 paris hilton almost runs over sarah shahi , new twitter feud starts : sarah shahi hates $t$ and is not afraid to sa ... lifestyle
1 jbiebersctst . . it would it would lol . . so i just seen the new harry potter movie . . have you seen it yet . . it was amazing lol
1 finally going to see harry potter 6 ! still have n't reread the book ... breaking my own rules ... did n't want to miss it in theatre ...
1 dj hero for box 360 , ps3 , wii and ps2 | game review | gamewitz : dj hero for box 360 , ps3 , $t$ and ps2 | . .
1 that rt pained me , as i 'm fairly certain it should have said '' i 'm not george bush either '' but it was -lsb- sic -rsb- : p
1 amazing presentation from google containing the best online creative of the year : . -lrb- / via matt_muir via benayers -rrb-
1 foxit 's eslick ereader now supports epub , puts kindle to shame -
1 would n't expect any less from an iphone fanboy
1 lindsay lohan , about her life ' over my dead body '
1 checking out google wave ... looks pretty spectacular .
1 trying out google wave . looks awesome in principle , but i 've a grand total of 2 contacts . woo .
1 hoping against hope to win the peanuts ipad while playing the countdown to the great pumpkin game . .
1 there is still hope for humanity . oh : '' i 'm 14 and i prefer phil collins than justin bieber '' .
1 dear ipod , thanks for playing '' hot mess '' by cobra starship during today 's workout . it gave me just the boost i needed . love , me
1 okay to be honest i have n't heard the britney spears song , but i 'm almost positive this is better
1 i love that you are stupid google wave 1045 ☠ warning ☠ baitbot is designed to catch spam follow or be marked as spam
1 like rapping and making puns about kim kardashian and her two-ton buns of fun -lrb- youtube . -rrb-
1 i love miley ray cyrus -lrb- : 5yearsofhannahmontana
1 child actors have a really bad reputation . did anyone see knowing ? the kid playing nicolas cage ' s son was terrible .
1 got windows 7 working . again . hopefully it wo n't boom again . but i lost all of my weekend to this , instead of writing for 30fic or nano .
1 so what will be obama 's next shady deal ? maybe it 's to nationalize your 401k 's , ira 's , or anything he thinks should be redistributed !
1 armin van buuren at zouk then bob dylan , john legend , and imogen heap . this week sounds good ! rockandroots zouksingapore
1 do you like harry potter ? hp6 is playing on t-hall lawn this saturday at 8 !
1 he looks thrilled . i 'm sure he loves being known as '' father of sarah palin ' s grandchild ''
1 rumored britney spears demo sounds 3-ish and radar-ish . . i don like it but i think its fake anyways :
1 at last ! i already have britney spears ' new single '' 3 '' in my pod and i 'm listening to it now :-rrb- i like it !
1 played '' press your luck '' on wii last night . the game is truly just like the old show in the 80s . well done , nintendo !
1 my nigga snoop dogg be fucking the mess out wiz khalifa 's mom on the low doe
1 nothing better than relaxing with my ipod and cell phone with zero messages in a dodge truck . i 'm kind of liking life as of now .
1 britney spears pleaseeeeeee kalo engga cobra starship + leighton meesternya hehehe lady gag aja dooong amp ...
1 early start 2morro . not even on that . need to sleep but i swear down , having an iphone is the worlds most sleep preventing thing loool
1 i love my job . i get to go to a lot of overseas places ... like canada . - britney spears stupidphrases
1 is loving britney spears ' 3 ! nice job britney ! and i do n't care if her song means . . well . . you know what . . i still love it
1 gag is trending ! good going , germanotta . and madonna has a sense of humor again !
1 installing windows 7 ultimate in vmware fusion 3 .
1 harry potter is one pale muhfucka
1 google wave - yes please !
1 what 's worse is he dresses up like madonna too .
1 nobel peace prize - jimmy carter won one too the last time america was in the crapper . i think that says it all !!!
1 question : obama , hillary , and mccain were all in a boat . the boat sank . who was once saved ? answer : america
1 100factsaboutme i love justin bieber although i 'm not a believer :d 8
1 nobel surprise : obama joins the ranks of arafat , jimmy carter , kofi annan & amnesty international
1 on cb : living ' like michael jackson : nicolas cage is millions in debt
1 lohan a bad influence : michael lohan claims daughter lindsay lohan is a bad influence on teenage sister alianoth . .
1 i love how niggas rally behind charlie sheen but wo n't dare go to a bobby brown show
1 al gore book is beautifully executed , but lacks some killer features , but good first effort ... ca n't help thinking this could be html though
1 lindsay lohan slam jewel theft accusation
1 okay ! okay ! heard you guys -lrb- do n't cha worry i still got many new info about the rulling pop star justin bieber , want to start it huh ' shout !
1 ilol . i do like the look of the kindle . i want it for reading reports and articles in pdf .
1 my sister does n't believe i kissed britney spears outrageous ! so , would you like to ?
1 not used the kindle for magazines/newspapers so far . i find myself skimming stuff like that on my phone
1 what a week we bombed the moon , marge simpson was on the cover of playboy and barack obama won the nobel peace prize ... nice !
1 just did the dishes while i listened to britney 's leaked songs from her new album i love all the songs it 's such an amazing album : -rrb-
1 i agree with you . i love my bb !! and it actually works great as a phone , unlike iphone , which is just an application mobile , in my mind .
1 beyonce can so out perform & entertain way more than britney spears any day ! well at least in concert
1 true knocking ! rt : tommiesunshine britney spears new song 3 is 1 on billboard , clearly illustrating that americans have no taste in music .
1 went to a seminar yesterday where al gore was speaking . very interesting chap .
1 of all the devices i 've coded for , the kindle is the most resistant to special -lrb- and not even that special -rrb- formatting .
1 dissidents out of step - clinton : us secretary of state hillary clinton says northern ireland dissidents are '' o . .
1 definitely . was excited to watch fat camp & dumb mtv put britney spears on
1 google wave ? it 's the new thing . . you have to get an invite , which i do n't have any of yet , and it 's pretty cool
1 massive osx snow leopard bug can destroy all user data , mac enthusiasts shrug it off as a feature and praise steve jobs
1 have the courage to follow your heart and intuition . they somehow already know what you truly want to become . - steve jobs
1 john boehner called the idea of raising taxes '' unacceptable and a nonstarter . '' sorry mr. boehner , but you are ... .
1 -lrb- co n'td -rrb- i like to watch my fiance lethalfrag play video games sometimes . i love peanut butter , julia child and martha stewart .
1 ryo ishikawa , the next tiger woods ? i sort of doubt it , but he sure showed his potential . wow , i actually watched some golf this weekend .
1 newer one , i have a severe aversion to lindsay lohan . they tried to make me watch the herbie remake , too . i feigned illness .
1 i think someone on fashionism.org is smoking lindsay lohan ' s stash because shit it crazy
1 found my ipod and all is well now
1 2 weeks before the nominating deadline for a nobel prize , obama takes office ? so the prize was for making peace with hillary clinton ? nobel
1 larry king on elizabeth taylor : ' we 'll never see the likes of her again ' -lrb- video -rrb- : kimberly nordyke the former talk ... .
1 how blah that gmail does n't let me switch between different accounts . logging out personal mail to use work-related google tools sucks
1 derek jeter , joe mauer , albert pujols , josh hamilton , dustin pedroia top five most purchased baseball jerseys .
1 u.s. lawmakers press obama on afghan war strategy : president barack obama told congressional leaders on tuesday . .
1 im so jealous of lindsay lohan for getting to kiss chad michael murray ... but shes a lesbian now sooo ... whatever
1 despite the divorce from madonna last year , guy ritchie says : '' i still love her . but she 's retarded , too . '' nice to know .
1 rev run & diggy simmons : generation run video : generation run : hip-hop pioneer $t$ and his son diggy discu ... .
1 i might need to initiate bitchmode . edwardfrost has threatened to toss my psp ! notmygoodchina !
1 americans favor obama approach on iran : poll : most americans favor us president barack obama ' is policy of . .
1 its funny how bush was criticized for everything he did , but when obama bombs libya without congress ' approval , nobody says shit . .
1 what the hell is '' 3 '' by britney spears about ... love the song ... lets look up the lyrics lol
1 shit , you could of just let me loose on the high school musical set & i 'd of been 1 happy ass dude with ashley tisdale & vanessa hudgens b lol
1 awesome deal : canon powershot sd780 is 12.1 mp digital camera $ 200 at best buy
1 wrongbehavior asked : khloe kardashian met britney last night !!! it was like her dream ! and britney looked so ... .
1 just crashed firefox with my awesome google wave gadget . ha !
1 anaraemiller knows every single word to harry potter ... i hate my life herobsession
1 britney spears gets it . '' 3 '' << that 's a good number , not one . ; d
1 i despite lindsay lohan , paris hilton , miley cyrus and all these stupid bitches who do n't know what to do with their lives or money !
1 the saturday night live season 36 with russell brand is so awesome ! hope everyone can see it .
1 why is it not a problem for arnold schwarzenegger , a foreigner , to govern california ? is it because he 's republican ? or not colored ??
1 please tell me what is includded on the package of the preowned original psp that is in the website of gamestop
1 like ... . the lag is 34 whole seconds . i 'm not lying . it 's so awkward . y' all fucking up my husband , anderson cooper 's , flow .
1 if i buy a kindle now , will there be a more amazing model in two months ?
1 '' what were they thinking ? '' analysts say lindsay lohan ' s widely panned designs for luxury label ungaro may spell . .
1 `` as they are undertaking a war against barack obama and the white house , we do n't need to pretend ...
1 she got that good good she micheal jackson bad and im attraccted to her with her attractive asssz
1 gravity by john mayer . such a great song to feel better : -rrb-
1 just saw someone refer to google wave as google dave . it 's a far better name .
1 rt robotscantlaugh : lakers can lick these green balls that you all love . ha celticsgang !
1 i admire selena . she get death threats , hate , insult and she 's stills with justin . kim kardashian stopped after a hug .
1 i would love a google wave invite it looks fantastic !! jake.c.phillips googlemail.com thanks guys !
1 hahaha madonna ' is like 50 + ! you like the older women aye ... ?
1 wow , i should n't be this shocked but goddamn lindsay lohan does n't look like gollum . i 'm taken aback tbh
1 umm , ryan seacrest is on during tony matteo 's slot on alice . no me gusta . i have matteo memories to keep . do n't remind me they are gone .
1 allkpop i like 3 by britney spears
1 nicolas cage sues business manager , says he is to blame for debt - chattahbox : bbc $t$ sues business . .
1 -lrb- psx - psp -rrb- heart of darkness converted properly -lsb- resourcerg games by klown -rsb-
1 thinking about micheal jackson , n i realize katt williams got ta change up his whole shit , damn no more little boy booty holes
1 time for sleep ; goodbye strange day of fringe freakies , madonna ' is art and pleasant surprises . tweet dreams .
1 technology info : how to enable windows 7 virtual wifi
1 about to board the hope trolley . feel like a badass . or barack obama .
1 she looks awful did lindsay lohan borrow - and not return - more expensive items ? gossipcop examines :
1 100factsaboutme 17 . i think justin bieber is freaking awesome .
1 lindsay lohan is coming out with a clothing line . it will be the first line that she wo n't have to cut with a razor blade ! oooooooooh !
1 i 'm thinking people need to go a little bit easier on good old lindsay lohan
1 census : detroit 's population falls 25 percent - u.s. news - msnbc.com . via msnbc - asshole gop is going to blame obama p2
1 jtt great actor and governor : arnold schwarzenegger : one of hollywood 's famous personalities is arnold alois sch ... .
1 madonna collects her cash from a brit paper : who the hell is dumb enough to screw with $t$ ? apparently , bathroom . .
1 i could sit there and psp / read/tweet away on monday . tues would be before/after school . monday 's the better option eh ?
1 i do n't think ashton kutcher is that hot : / do n't get the fascination !
1 i know , i 'm annoying :-lrb- sorry but i think , it 's pretty cool , that you love britney spears so much ... that 's unique ! ; -rrb-
1 lol why you not buying a ipod nano and a normal phone it 's cheaper but phone is the best phone lol
1 forgot how much i love the song toxic by britney spears . : -rsb-
1 i 'm becoming like martha stewart all this damn cooking ... well if you want to be healthy it seems you got ta cook alot of meals yourself
1 ryan seacrest just said '' regal '' aka my name aka i 'm famous woo
1 listening to music . call me crazy , but i like shuffling all the genres together on my ipod :-rrb- . currently playing alexandra burke .
1 ever longoria is no ten | ayyyy ! : april 8 , 2011 in ayyyy ! , babies , booze , breaking up , britney spears , charlie sheen , .
1 i will always invest in hardcover books , so i never thought it before ... but i think the kindle is pretty damn cool .
1 so dani just watch harry potter for the first time and she loved it ! lol she said can we watch all of them now please ?
1 omg this one thing about britney spears '' videos '' keep on following me . i 'm like block block block !!! so annoying ! dinnerrrr ?
1 i 've seen and heard excellent things about the latest canon powershot sd series .
1 3 by britney spears is still suck i my head
1 jobroboysupport omg i love that song !!!! i love singing that song and i like singing lady gaga :p im weird
1 i favorited a youtube video -- harry potter with adhd - with guest star nigahiga ! -lrb- es 4b -rrb-
1 golf and rugby union sevens get the nod for rio olympics in 2016 : • tiger woods says he hopes to compete in bra . .
1 lindsay lohan is such a train wreck . every time the media forces me to see her she looks more and more like a crack whore .
1 love the new ipod thanks to the hubbz
1 attention . crazy bitch who almost ran me off road . stop fake texting to avoid eye contact . i know the difference between itouch and iphone . idiot .
1 connection is the best application ever . for windows seven only . ive connected another pc , pod touch and wii .
1 it would make me so happy to see adele knock the katy lady gaga reigns off billboard hot 100 & take 1 with rolling in the deep
1 donnadaily oh mos definitely . love the ipad .
1 oh yeah i am not aloud to do a harry potter book report either because mum that is just childish grrr i show you childish no dessert for you
1 i despise the wii . does n't catch the signals for guitar hero as well .
1 yalready know !! rt bigjamaal lakers where y' all at ?
1 i wan na invisibility cloak ! i love harry potter : -rrb-
1 also , i backed her in 2006 , while working the summer in ak . 2bluestarmom dva1946 why do you hate sarah palin ?
1 britney spears new album the singles collection avail nov 10 ! ultimate fan box set out 11/24 ! '' 3 '' video premiere details soon !
1 yeah boy !!! rt michael_jcox : btw , lakers . lakerhaterandproudofit .
1 twitition let uzma fulfill her wish : tell justin bieber she love him .
1 odd news of the day : the dating habits of iphone users | datingish : i see the whole article about gadgets and n . .
1 jamie lee curtis overshadows lindsay lohan like no other in freaky friday . well obviously . it 's $t$ .
1 paris fashion week lindsay lohan ' s first emanuel ungaro collection is a walk of shame
1 i 'll deathmatch justin bieber 20 times for you when he comes online if you go follow ibieberroses ibieberroses ibieberroses i promise :-rrb- 4
1 does my . alltop.com work on iphone ? i ca n't see any way to login to see my custom page help me please
1 at least i have tmbg on my ipod now : d
1 google wave is a machine for annoying me .
1 i love harry potter marathons
1 lindsay lohan has blasted reports she infuriated fashion bosses after failing to return designer accessories lo . .
1 the last time we had a big idea , it 'd already been done by barack obama . looks like today 's idea has been done by someone on b3ta . hmm .
1 because god and steve jobs both hate us
1 is excited as hell for the new super mario brothers . wii coming out next sunday :
1 here are 4 names , which prove the nobel peace price is a joke . al gore , jimmy carter , yasser arafat , and desmond tutu . enough said ! tcot
1 rt if you would love to be lady gaga 's sister : -rrb-
1 for one day only . i hate my iphone ... will gladly swap for a phone that is functioning
1 justin bieber is an illuminati ! hahah evil message in the song , '' baby '' lmfao ! hahahahahahah
1 jonas - '' alex rodriguez '' : ashton kutcher has punk 'd , and while that provided some entertainment , it 's gotten a ... .
1 people : britney spears en bikini : comment vous la trouvez ? : le break en famille de $t$ su . .
1 hypocrisy in health accusations : ... against republican presidential nominee john mccain : '' indeed , in october 20 ... .
1 the world is full of interesting things - awesome collection from tomux at google creative lab : . via bbhlabs
1 eliasdarwish those cars are great but wont replace taxis here ☺ google ate up why ! not only 4 the free coffee . . cool seminars : helpful & relevant ☺
1 celebrity textnews britney spears voted best celebrity ' mum ' - huliq : $t$ voted bes . .
1 ryan adams should have married me instead of mandy moore . i 'm like 12x more exciting .
1 hillary clinton brings us peace tour to moscow - rt
1 rt if you love miley cyrus , demi lovato , selena gomez or justin bieber
1 jeff toobin tells anderson cooper that donald trump is n't crazy or a bigot , just an '' opportunist . '' ca n't he be all three ? birthers
1 lmao ! what a freak man . no one wants to watch britney spears suck penis . xd
1 np justin bieber stuck in the moment yeah ! full jailbait now !
1 who the fuck is '' character '' on the lakers ?
1 how to protect the launch of windows 7 using a usb flash drive
1 okay i had to cut my lakers on fuck this crazy bitch on swimfan lol
1 alex you brat i want to play wii fit
1 himynameisbrie lies i am a female and hate you singing lady gaga in my car jk : - -rrb-
1 microsoft refunds xbox live points purchased by dog , grants canine a gamertag ... seriously
1 no problem i be hating that lol i keep seeing britney spears sucking penis loll
1 just left the monster ball !! lady gaga thanks for being so damn amazing at everything you do - ill be a little monster for life !!!!
1 veteran players defend maradona ahead of peru match
1 -lsb- mac -rsb- disney turns to apple 's steve jobs to spark retail magic : as disney attempts to get more aggressive . .
1 harry potter is on then next is the nightmare before christmas fuckyeah
1 hey people , if you love harry potter be sure to follow hogwartsradio :d followhogwartsradio
1 i went to that forum , saw another book somebody recommended and bought it via kindle application for phone .
1 . now that you 've had a chance to preview the album , tell us which track is your favorite ! britney spears - official ... *
1 rt stephaniemlerma : weejay619 i hate the lakers lol << oops did you fuck up on that weejay619
1 haahahahah shoo feeha madonna ! i love her ! hehe btw dropdeaddiva is amaaaazing !!!!
1 with all of the jeopardy talk recently i 've had weird al 's i lost on jeopardy stuck in my head .
1 supremes decline hearing il choose life license plate lawsuit , which implicated former state sen. barack obama btw -
1 for the nth time , i have no interest in seeing britney spears do anything . * clicks block *
1 team justin ! team selena ! team jelena ! justin bieber belongs to selena gomez , and $t$ belongs to justin bieber !
1 $ 7.40 - gold plated component av cable for psp go -lrb- 1.6 am -rrb- : sku : 30620 price : . .
1 split/second video - like a demolition derby where you destroy the environment , not other cars videogames ps3 xbox
1 hip hop disrespect : paris hilton : '' i ca n't stand black guys '' 2 see video click = = >> . retweet
1 coincidentally , it 's pride weekend in psp . oh snaps , girl ! i 'm finna bag me an octogenerian shuggah daddy .
1 still no google wave invite ... i 'm not sure i miss it anymore . to all of you using it , is it worth your time ?
1 4 the love of all that 's holy . why the fuck are they remaking the ' 92 ferrara/harvey keitel classic , bad lieutenant -- with nicolas cage ??
1 obama was wrong from day 1 all he did was delay or procrastinate on no fly zone academichelp
1 lady gaga i miss you i love you
1 battlefront - elite squadron for psp and ds
1 judge extends lohan 's sentence , says next violation means jail : a beverly hills judge extended lindsay lohan ' s p . .
1 khakis , blue shirts , and belts with blackberry cases firmly attached . oh and the ipad . i hate $t$ !! * sigh
1 like it ! romance book the daydreamer - a werewolf novel -lsb- taylor swift playlist -rsb- - the daydreamer - ... wattpad .
1 seeing logmein ignition iphone application has me wondering ; can i use this to get on my web server ? like rdc for the $t$ ?
1 you are the one who pushed me over the kindle edge and now i ca n't live w/o it . do n't like when books not available !!
1 i really do not like this new britney spears song
1 wow i want a black nintendo wii : -rrb-
1 xbox live : the dark fenix is currently online . playing borderlands . level 21 hunterfavorite mfg : vladof . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 does vmware fusion support windows 7 yet ? at $ 30 w/student discount i might pick up a copy to kick the tires .
1 ashton kutcher in the nikon commercials . stupid
1 i am so a shamed to say that im in love with britney spears - 3 song heheeh
1 you are the best person in the world . anyone who has n't read harry potter is a failure in life .
1 i will either get windows 7 or fedora 11 , i like penguins .
1 freaky friday is onnnnnnnn !!!!!! i fucking love this movie !!!! lindsay lohan and tienna are the shit in this band !!
1 i love apple and disney ! steve jobs is now working to spark disney 's retail magic
1 ooh * sarcastically * my bad lmao and no , its sarah palin
1 charlie sheen is tweeting this - work from home for free .
1 i do n't like kim kardashian . not only does she have an irritating voice but she wears fur . awful
1 congratulations to barack obama - nobel peace prize . wow .
1 bbc england upbeat after bresnan scan : england are optimistic that tim bresnan will be fit ... .
1 american thinker - obama , the god that failed : the left pinned its hopes and dreams on barack obama . after assuri ... .
1 watching the ' triumph of the nerds ' video for hst250 seriously makes me think that bill gates is the nerdiest nerd ever to exist .
1 i just commented : i ca n't wait to see it !!! in the taylor swift phone application .
1 getting ready to load kindle ... any suggestions ? like yeah paranormal stuff with some romance .
1 omg i love madonna and lady gag , its a tie !
1 consistently gets followed by users with icky nude pictures of britney spears what the fuuuuuuck !!! hahahaha parental guidance
1 : i barely survive without my ipod
1 the making-of feature is led by mandy moore and zachary levi and basically plays like a disney channel aside , but i ... .
1 trying to get my mind off of this - alex takes your calls on radiation from japan and obama 's bush like inva ... .
1 lonely island has replaced weird al as my favorite satirical musical artist of all time .
1 he had both usher and justin timberlake clamoring to sign him , and after signing with usher 's label , now counts the ... .
1 what 's with all the % ! language ? : by kenneth p . vogel president barack obama called rap star kanye west `` . .
1 giveaway xbox 360 , modern warfare 2 & more !
1 i don understand what snoop dog is saying in the black and yellow remix . . o_0 '' im the big chiefa ? ''
1 damn noobs , some one on wow was like i haz windows 7 its the best os ever , so i just looked at him like ... yeaaaah what proof have you got ?
1 latest in fashion lindsay lohan ' s collection an insult to fashion | ungaro
1 looks like lindsay lohan and samantha ronson are not on good terms again
1 the best way to maasai mara game reserves is through obama 's father home city of kisumu .
1 i love micheal jackson to
1 dancing to some britney spears ' i love rock n roll ' what a classic . did anyone else like ' cross roads ' or was it just me ?!
1 he did maximize the distance between the sarah palin and the nuclear trigger . peace-promoting accomplishment .
1 yo just got that '' britney spears sucking a cock '' follower . . heard that shit spam so about to block it
1 aussies are going down . . ms dhoni will pull the rabbit out od the hat at some point . . i regard australia but pointing ... .
1 how to look like a victoria 's secret supermodel with lindsay lohan
1 rt justaskgemalto reminder : take the digital security quiz for the chance to win an amazon kindle !
1 to do list ; kill the twins , kill louis , kill george bush -lrb- don ask -rrb- , meet olly + jamie , marry danny jones and then discover vampires are real
1 i am starting to love selena gomez ☺
1 '' revolver '' 85 % critbot classy dark gangster movie by then mr. madonna . jason statham plays himself - as always .
1 live from new york ! jimmy fallon loves the long island university blackbirds .
1 war : obama 's fatal attraction : instead , we elected barack obama , who firmly rejected military action for purely ... .
1 nikki minaj went platinum , is on tour with wayne and now she 's about to go on tour with britney spears this summer . that 's super huge
1 i did n't even know that madonna ' is fifty , she has the body of a man half her age
1 finally got into google wave . do n't bother asking me for invites . i have a list in order of people who get them
1 meet jasmine villages : did justin bieber and selena gomez break up because of her ? : did justin bieber and selena ... .
1 harry potter marathon . loving it ! = -rsb-
1 dina says lindsay lohan is a genius : get your blogs , save your time we ca n't help following this $t$ . .
1 i totally accept ipod presents ! $t$ is are fun . and by fun i mean fuckyeahportablemusic
1 obama 's meaning of change . war in africa instead of the middle east .
1 barack obama ' is amazingly consistent smile
1 belieberfuckyeah - i had to download google chrome , then you go to the website for the menu icons , then click ... .
1 steve jobs is wrong in saying '' be hungry be folloish '' . . never be foolish . . develop the quiality of not being foolish
1 paparazzi gps : katy perry purrs down under , maksim hits hollywood and more : $t$ was spotted giving high f ... .
1 well ... got my wii to play super smash brothers brawl ... for 3 minutes . i got it christmas of 08 and the game wo n't work experience
1 celeb rumors update ! , lindsay lohan ' s probation extended for one year -
1 madmonza is a mad madonna fan / might get myself in trouble here then . / / not at all - freedom of speech & all : - -rrb-
1 the longer the obama administration wears on , the more i like bill clinton
1 when i smile justin bieber smiles . . soooooo . suck on that bitch .
1 lol the people doing wave_info for google wave invites , please put in your email address to receive heaps of spam .
1 inventing undue fixation on young love is not on ryan seacrest 's list of sins : and sometimes , this is fantastic ... .
1 rt '' theblunster : i think it 's crazy that selena gomez is from grand prairie . lol randomfact '' << < that is crazy wth lol !!
1 i ´ m very good listening musik of britney spears
1 whengoodrubesgobad britney spears , that time she attacked a car with an umbrella , while bald , in true rube fashion .
1 britney spears news : outrageous behind the scenes ...
1 so me and my mum are watching e news just 2 see lady gaga drop ... we are bad people lol
1 yeah , i wonder what atlus is gon na do since they have the rights to the wii version . i think the psp one would be more profitable
1 he is scary and ugly yes he is . he reminds me of micheal jackson !
1 i 'm grateful for the little things today , like that my windshield wipers work most of the time , and that my iphone wasnt stolen last night
1 perez hilton : nicolas cage is selling another castle ! : maybe he should be a real estate agent instead of an acto . .
1 since when is it okay to say hell and ass on disney channel ? i love harry potter , and i do my fair share of cursing . . but really . . ?
1 i have a strange feeling ... its like if i want to listen to britney spears and marilyn manson and tiësto and eminem and amy with all together . .
1 save $ 1.5 - crisis core : final fantasy vii $ 18.49 psp bargain ad
1 guy who fucked me off looks like russell brand . as if i needed any other reason to dislike this guy . he 's a relentless fool in his own right
1 stephen colbert is truly a magician -- because with the help of jimmy fallon , the roots and a special '' america ... .
1 and perhaps hillary clinton is also getting tired of the israeli governments attempts 2portray them as anti-israel despite all she has done ?
1 i have mark_salling 's glee tribute song in my head . i want this on my ipod ...
1 you suck justin bieber you and your girlfriend selena gomez both suck you big baby
1 love that song ! britney spears - break the ice
1 adding more ups and downs to her crazy life , it is being reported that lindsay lohan has gone back to liking guys .
1 xilovedisney no , sorry :-lrb- but if you search something like '' photofiltre gif tutorial '' into google i 'm sure you 'll find something : -rrb-
1 new blog post : fake autographs ebay derek jeter albert pujols alex rodriguez signed autographed baseball photo .
1 girliemayjones i like lady gaga and iam glad that she was featured in android cm her pictures are all over tokyo ... love it
1 movie star ' led down path to financial ruin ' : oscar-winner nicolas cage is suing his former business manager for . .
1 it 's too much excitment - argentina 1 peru 0 wcq maradona . i need 2 tvs side by side , i hate flipping pvrs r busy . go dolphins go peru !!!
1 that stupid fucking beat is stuck in my head snoop dogg ft rosin boom the nut beat though i think that 's why it 's stuck in my head
1 love my new ipad . great for work , fun and everything under the sun .
1 finally got tweety working in google wave . will i tweet from wave ? not sure yet .
1 have you tried seesmic desktop ? it 's much better -lrb- although tweetdeck is pretty good on the iphone -rrb- .
1 foia crowdsource website wikicountability.org launched by crossroadsgps to make obama administrator accountable . .
1 whys amber rose sooooo sexyyyyy wont say shes my role model khloe kardashian is im talking famous people not in general
1 teen game night this friday 11/7 6:30 -9 pm ! free pizza and sodas ! wii have ddr , beatles rock band , and more ! bring a friend !
1 can you tell steve jobs from bill gates ? -- -lrb- i could have done better than 60 % -- fun quiz ! -rrb-
1 ive played that wii before and damn its a workout for real ... ha
1 30 + famous useful ipod touch / phone applications | dzinepress
1 i love body language ! heidi sounds like the next britney spears ! yall should really do a song together .
1 anyone try ribbit yet with google wave ? would love to hear how it is !
1 i have big probs with di fucking '' google '' and '' you tube '' !!! * ugghhh * * aaahhhhh * ; -rrb-
1 custom firmware on the psp is fantastic . and disgaea looks like fun already .
1 reading goblet of fire while watching the harry potter movies again . . this is either going to get confusing , or make total sense
1 oh my god i just finished watching a marathon of every harry potter movie and draco is so hot , and ron and harry and snape i love all of them !
1 britney spears - gim me more < -- its britney bitch !
1 sfgsports | americans win the presidents cup : tiger woods had a perfect week , and the americans stayed . .
1 britneyspears news ! britney spears with jason trawick , exes in trouble -lrb- via a socialites ...
1 invite to google wave has been sent , it might take a while
1 mmm that britney spears bitch keep falling me ; im bouta whupp her stupid ass
1 i 'd love to try google wave . could you please send me an invite ?
1 windows 7 sneakers ass . seriously . sooo smooth , like butter . and bill gates did n't pay me shit to say this .
1 windows 7 ultimate -lsb- dvd x32 -rsb- : category : software subcategory : windows - other size : 2.33 gigabyte ratio : . .
1 sorry , sf brit poppers : rt confirmed : britney spears not performing in castro after all .
1 rt if you want 100 dms to 20 celebrities -lrb- including justin bieber -rrb- -lsb- must be following dabelieberswagg -rsb- < 3
1 rumors - > lindsay lohan ☺
1 factaboutmyselfi love ron !! -lrb- from harry potter -rrb- i think he is sooo hot !!! lol
1 fuck your ipad ! give it to me ! ha rt xoxomuff time to siapppp . . anything text me ! ni $t$ nye batt dah nak mampos .
1 i kinda like this taylor swift song ; that they are playing on the radio . . '' back to december '' i think its called ?
1 wii sports < 3 . but get a nunchuck . boxing and tennis kill your arms though . : -rrb-
1 curious -lrb- britney spears -rrb- ha
1 you see how good were looking than right ? rt cisco_g6 hollywood_zulu i 'm just upset because i was watching the lakers game =-lrb- i hate them .
1 well thank you lady gaga for giving me one of the greatest nights of my life .
1 justin , lenka , lady gaga , katy perry come here in indonesia ! perform in here ! ngarepbanget , hollywoodlovers
1 : obama winning the nobel peace prize is like sarah palin winning the nobel prize for literature .
1 princesssgrace lol . i can rock with the wii it 's trash < -- yes it is .
1 it finally arrived . doing a fresh install of windows 7 . my computer will be wiped out , starting from scratch . yay ! : d
1 rt onlybiebersbaby : rt biebersoul : after pod , phone and ipad , apple is developing a special gadget for bieber haters . it has been na ...
1 apple iphone on 1 favorite source +4 others like dailyfinance-apple really needs a better $t$ answer to goggle n . .
1 picture agency pushing pictures of nick prugo shot last night while he was out on the town . he 's the idiot who broke into lindsay lohan ' s home . wtf ?
1 '' kurtwurk anytime ! in the words of justin timberlake '' '' i 'm bringing gnocchi back -- yeah !! '' '' . ''
1 jack white gives college lecture , says britney spears -lsb- ... -rsb- more authentic than bob dylan
1 lakers let 's get it ! a sign of great season to come . . see ? the heat could n't beat the spurs
1 '' britney 's back bitch . '' - ellendegeneres ... hahaha truth
1 watching knowing . its actually pretty good , i 'm a fan of nicolas cage , but i do n't know if anything can ever beat the wicker man .
1 britneyspears news ! britney spears ' ex pleads no contest -lrb- via star pulse -rrb- : posted 4h ago v . .
1 lockerz is the best website in the world , 2 points to log in , 2 points for a yes or no question . xbox 360 games are a hundred points ! amazing
1 mitzi_3vans i think its britney spears . . someone be making them dumb shits
1 will admit that i have some guilty pleasure ... when i listen to britney spears ... the good stuff you can dance to ; -rrb-
1 love that obama got the nobel peace prize basically for not being george bush .
1 we are taught to understand , correctly , that courage is not the absence of fear , but the capacity for action despite our fears . john mccain
1 defend marriage & stop president obama 's unconstitutional power grab ! . nomtweets no4m tcot
1 i love my ipod :d talk to me people : dd comment me / message me : d
1 so , are google wave invites working like voice , where google sends them , or can a friend send me an invite ? if the latter ... * wink *
1 i am a sad person , i just thought of a giant strategy harry potter would use to beat edward cullen .
1 west indies are going down quicker than paris hilton did in that hotel room cwc2011
1 i am on studymode i am online on my ipod took a break hehe :-rrb- -rrb- wow awesome ! cool : -rrb-
1 lindsay lohan has blasted reports of another jewelry scandal
1 new awesome puzzle game for ipad : loops of zen
1 whoa lol why you got ta be like that lakers > rt sashay26 : fuck the $t$ ... sorry people ...
1 this is drugs this is your brain on drugs nzt um i know something harder than nzt its called charlie sheen
1 presidents cup captain fred couples latest to face tiger woods problem - telegraph.co.uk good luck fred !
1 felix the silva like a top fotograaf -lrb- ariana lima , jlo , madonna -rrb- is playing with a toy helicopter !!!! from bart smit ! : -rrb-
1 wtf this is n't fat camp !! this is that dumb britney spears documentary ... lamesauce
1 i need new justin timberlake , nelly furtado , & fergie albums like right now .
1 the girl behind me sounds exactly like hermione from harry potter . got her autograph .
1 update : if you find yourself soaked in this weather , blast shattered glass by britney spears . i guarantee you 've never felt sexier .
1 this is not okay . we idolize a crack head . charlie sheen loses .
1 a photoshoot can make anyone a model . - snoop dogg
1 yep . not on xbox though . watching some retarded guy complain in a mw2 stream
1 celebration is an addictive good song . i 'm not into pop music that much , but i have a soft spot for new madonna tunes .
1 hi my name is justin bieber and my hair costs more than your house .
1 i miss micheal jackson . :-lrb- < ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ you and the whole world !!!!!
1 lady gag is like the love-child of madonna and elton john .
1 if i made a mistake in that last tweet it 's because my cousin is britney spears ... apparently .
1 this basketball year ima go with the celtics fuck the lakers call me a hater idgaf
1 rt if you love justin bieber : -rrb-
1 i put in britney spears and got some great music . ill have to put lady gag in next !
1 death of the xbox . r.i.p
1 i wish gaga would get rid of that new logo . shit looks like lady sasa
1 free lady gaga tickets here at . rt rockstar_bish = repliesrt parisihilton : love $t$
1 i just remembered that my cousin tara used to call jamo hamster boy because he has big teeth like hilary swank .
1 pretty much done my homework . now i have 3 hours and 22 minutes to read harry potter . :-rrb- yeah , i 'm a nerd . deal with it . lol .
1 how is there no '' do n't sync iphone-only apps '' option for ipad ? itunes insistence on syncing all of my phone apps is fucking infuriating !
1 agreed sarah palin could very well be the next rising star our country needs but she must start rising !
1 hillary clinton faces a crisis on northern ireland visit | irish news
1 i 'm thinking of getting the barnes and noble '' nook '' when it drops . looks better than the kindle .
1 you people do n't know how much i hate rihanna , britney , eminem and nicki minaj ...
1 i think i love lady gaga ... i did n't know i played born this way 96 times . i thought i played it like 20 . . but itunes says 97 now .
1 superbuzzer : video : celebrity vanessa hudgens new personal nudes shots : celebrity lindsay lohan hard nipples pea . .
1 e-mail in of tvc attachment for abc local brisbane 's morning show with madonna king , clean & fresh thinking for ext marketing on television , good work .
1 did all the toothpaste factories blow up all over the globe making the air fresh ? problem . britney spears talking ! omfg
1 im playing business over beef chinko the great & vixion not why but why not ! 911 911 warning business over beef on the way yep yes yeah psp !!!!
1 uh joe is that a boy or a girl ? looks like hilary swank !
1 check out cio.com 's most popular story today - the presentation secrets of steve jobs -
1 when i see ' john legend ' , on a song , i think ' lennon ' . '' why the fuck is john lennon doing a song with magnetic man ?! '' . . i 've said that a lot
1 looks like i 'm getting my xbox fixed today . going to get it modded later on ... or i 'll do it myself ... meeehbeeey
1 just searching for unique britney spears wallpaper for the front page of my cd ... hahaha ...
1 xbox 360 call . of . duty . modern . warfare . 2 . $t$ 360 . rf-tr torrent download
1 xbox marketplace download speed fail
1 i love that alicia keys song
1 hey cnnbrk im all for receiving breaking news iphone push updates but how about having at least one happy story every now & then ?
1 ff kflosworld because she can sing like madonna . -lrb- i hear she 's good -rrb- & she keeps it 100 and will tell you if you 're jank . & ilher ! -lrb- :
1 can not stop listening to this ... well , just crazy amazing . lady gaga , you ai n't got shit on nikki .
1 kim kardashian , amber rose and rihanna have better bodies than beyonce . beyonce is thin . ergh !
1 no at the end of south park they put micheal jackson in hell
1 funny , the contrast between sarah palin and william polk on afghanistan ... just slightly more thoughtful than the palin one , neh ?
1 1msia boleh ! '' jeffreychew : viewing of sex video in public boleh . listening to lady gaga music can not ''
1 in loving the github / google application engine / grails combo - although having to relearn about jpa is a bit of a drag after hibernate
1 perez hilton - katy perry vs . gag : billboard edition : looks like katy perry is dominating those billboard chart ... .
1 super natural makeup -- martha stewart home & garden : read $t$ 's super natural makeup article . get do ... .
1 or a red costume while pretending to be britney spears ? it looks rather gross ... especially with those beer-bellys : d
1 i love my lakers , but i 'm bored with this game . - changes the channel -
1 realtore i doubt i 'll post public nz pictures , but i was impressed . & no edits . ladies & gentlemen-the iphone .
1 anyone having problems with the sound on the xbox sky player ?
1 abbieraebieber wow . . she sounds pretty retarded to meee . what the fuck . how is lady gaga better thannnn justin bieberrr ?!
1 xbox packed and ready for dispatch by ups tomorrow . i already miss it :-lrb- -rrb-
1 lol very funny can you tell steve jobs from bill gates ?
1 i unlocked 3 xbox achievements on mass effect !
1 i do believe britney spears 3 is one of the worst songs ever .
1 favorite lady gaga quote ? :-rrb- -- i love every word she says but i have to pick '' some women choose to follow men , an ... .
1 georgia airport renamed to honor president jimmy carter : southern field airport in americus , ga . , about 15 miles . .
1 comment on add and create aero flip 3d shortcut -lrb- on desktop , quick launch or windows 7 taskbar -rrb- by simon : thank . .
1 soooooo apparently there is no supporting act at katy perry .
1 recommended a look at windows 7 on boxee . check it out at
1 / * the real crt0 . see lives in psp sdk . * / っか 。 newlib/libc/sys / $t$ / crt0 . c
1 i love that it 's a sign of improvement that lindsay lohan looks '' less cracked out ''
1 rofl someone who has common sense and extreme skills in bed needs to bang some brains into lindsay lohan .
1 i wish i got paid to dance around in lingerie and lip sync in front of tons of people . yes , i wish i were britney spears . one can only dream
1 via rightwingnews cartoon : obama gets tough with libya . tcot
1 re-discovered the wii fit this evening and it 's given me an age of 36 . is it bad that i 'm just pleased to have kept it within the 30 's ?
1 james cameron and arnold schwarzenegger reunite , but for what purpose ? let the crazy speculation begin ! .
1 i love watching harry potter movies and picking them apart while talking to $t$ fans .
1 madonna ; what kind of name is lady gag its sounds like baby foodlady gag ; the kind of person that 's 1 on the billboard charts
1 question for letterman : what was tougher , apologizing to sarah palin for the stupid joke , or apologizing to your wife for stupid trysts ?
1 yeaa i got followers whose picture is a fake britney spears doing something very dirty & like 1day ill have 3 of them , then 1 & now i got2
1 i voted for born this way - lady gaga on jojowright 's top 9 9 on kiisfm . vote for your favorite song ! .
1 lindsay lohan just needs some time off and relax with her family ! thats what she needs ! i hate seeing young people going down ! im here 4 you : -rrb-
1 i guess that the noble peace prize was the consolidation prize for not getting the 2016 olympics . did n't jimmy carter and arafat get this ??
1 i 've never seen ' an inconvenient truth ' . to me al gore is still the husband of tipper who was head of that idiotic pmrc & pitb to frank zappa .
1 britney spears robbie williams x factor comeback `` shambolic '' - gnews : mirror . co . ukrobbie williams . .
1 join me in the countdown to the great pumpkin ! greatpumpkincountdown win peanuts ipad .
1 lindsay lohan shows why i devote mylife 2work4 an organizationthat believes in & fights 4 marriage :
1 my boyfriend keeps calling me ' a hot martha stewart ' which is confusing . sure i grew up in connecticut . but i 've never been to jail .
1 - ignore the last : watching ' harry potter by your side .
1 harry potter quote of the day : '' longbottom , if brains were gold , you 'd be poorer than weasley , and that 's saying something . '' -lrb- nice one becky -rrb-
1 well photo shrine is a bit much . it 's more like goggle image search when you search for steve jobs :-p how awesome is tweetie 2 !!!
1 just realized the kindle may have been a terrible purchase for someone with poor impulse control . can haz books right now .
1 when i noticed by no means say by no means the film i fell extra in love with justin bieber than i ever had before !
1 madonna ' is ? celebration ? a fine collection , but not perfect ... the university of alabama crimson ... collection
1 lindsay lohan blames lack of time for ungaro debacle , denies complicity in pasties . she 's '' learning . ''
1 i am no longer a charlie sheen supporter ... im about to follow for the same reason why i don support little ' wayne .
1 britney spears ' 3 is dangerously catchy . i love that woman . i do n't care if it 's wrong to .
1 looking to load up my kindle before i head out to the galapagos islands . need some good books to digest during the travel time .
1 this is not lindsay lohan ' s best look .
1 i just took '' topstar justin bieber rapes you . but , you found you ... '' and got : part 2 - justin , ryan and chaz . ! try it : .
1 i just took '' you and justin bieber are best friends ... '' and got : part 4 : losing your virginity to justin < 3 -lrb- ; ! try it : .
1 wow that tweet was a fail to britney spears ... sorry britney !!! i shall try to memorize your new song like i 've memorized all your others -lrb- :
1 cute , and funny ... sarah palin takes job as drug counselor , considered to be the best person to teach people how to quit .
1 telegraph - kylieminogue demonstrated that when it comes to the classier brand of arena kitsch she , not lady gaga remains supreme authority
1 so the next lockerz restock is zlisters only then to normal members . i must get the psp then last chance before they raise ptz prices .
1 nicolas cage files lawsuit against business manager -
1 i am also not george bush . can i have a nobel peace prize now ?
1 dennis rodman was n't a scorer but he was a master at snatching up loose balls . kim kardashian needs to have her jersey retired too then .
1 musicmonday britney spears - 3 . . best song ever -lrb- :
1 on my ipod !!! i love sex ed . ha
1 britney spears fears steamy home video - spearsnude09.blogspot.com
1 windows 7 upgrade not going as smoothly as planned . nearly a fail .
1 hello i 'm loving my phone and i 'm so happy for britney spears for getting number 1 the billboards :d i love 3 : d
1 britney spears ' former fan club was supposed 2b prive t.t abloids copycatted forum posts . gossip television show aired secret contents .
1 i do n't think i like the idea of windows 7 being designed by a man with eyes that are too close together
1 the torture of listening to someones headphones blasting taylor swift has left a terrible earworm scar on this morning
1 god of war : chains of olympus ... amazing psp game !
1 omg yesssss ! awesome news . ps : was it full britney spears , or just the one verse again ?
1 britney spears -- best of $t$ -lsb- 2008 - cd 1 -rsb- = 476
1 so i been banned from xbox live kuz i got my shit flashed ! wtf ! on sum real shit dats beyond gay !
1 finally got a google wave invite - and i 'm slightly underwhelmed . the initial experience is exactly what i expected , and nothing more . hmm .
1 mt diggrbiii kesgardner : remember a year ago when obama officials were predicting that $t$ would be more popular a year later ? ohwait
1 he needs ari gold lol nicolas cage says his business manager has sent him '' down a path toward financial ruin ''
1 barack obama just nominated for his work in the ficticiousfable of the fake president playing himself ! go for the oscar gold bb !
1 rt andrew_w19 : iloveitwhen the lakers win .
1 saw tweet about madonna saying '' i 'm not quitting . '' thought it strange , re-read it and realized it said maradona . real , not fake argentine .
1 i 'd love one ! i 'm itching to experiment with academic collaboration on google wave . are you finding it useful ?
1 pissed now . the droid rapes the iphone . by far . thank you lack of patience .
1 as much as i want a google wave invite ... i am curious how real that twitter account is . any thoughts ? did you get an invite ?
1 u.s. sees advance in iran nuclear cooperation b92 : u.s. president barack obama ' is top security adviser has dism . .
1 not going on wii tonight got sore back from work today !
1 check this video out -- did president obama get locked out of the white house ? . via youtube
1 one year ago , on this very day , justin bieber released my world 2.0 . since then , he has accomplished so many things . proud
1 britney spears photos & pictures | $t$ voted best celebrity ... : the rest of the lineup -lrb- through 10 -rrb- . .
1 of the office ... what about lindsay lohan ... is she still in a rehab ... it takes time to went there , mrs. lohan ... otherwise you end in prison
1 no worries lindsay lohan ... if you 're not getting your attention on the big screen , you 'll get it in court ! have a drink and relax ...
1 i love harry potter marathons < 3
1 lindsay lohan ' s judge from her 07 dui conviction has ordered the actress 2 appear n court tomorrow so she can personally access her well being
1 i do n't know , i kinda have more love for ps3 and wii , box just does n't do it for me
1 okay . joe jonas and nick jonas = fucking hot shit .
1 rt love < = > i love mariah carey , but i really wish she would have these babies . . so she can slim down . . weight doesnt really look good on ...
1 margaret carlson : many politicians fake anti-elitist populism , but sarah palin seems committed to * genuinely * knowing as little as possible .
1 president obama highlights his favorite teacher in psa video for teach.gov . .
1 for example , sending death threats to kim kardashian , are you kidding me ? it 's not like they were gon na date , she 's like 30 . i mean , come on .
1 i love anderson cooper omgomg
1 god and saint palermo saved us - maradona calls last minute win over peru '' a miracle that has given us one more life for 2010 ''
1 mitt romney now speaking : obama makes us long for the good ole ' days of jimmy carter .
1 quote '' kanye west hates some lady gaga 's pants o_o '' - kurt cobain
1 nick jonas + joe jonas + kevin jonas = 3 = brothers + good voice = singers + fame = jonas brothers = the best music group : -rrb-
1 i am impulsively exploding my amazon wishlist and kindle '' save for later '' lists . somebody help ! i need a beer .
1 y' all i am so addicted to coke -lrb- the soda , obviously not the drug cause then i 'd be skinny like lindsay lohan -rrb- it 's so bad ... y/n ?
1 the name sounds a little more familiar now but damn he 's been passed around more than madonna
1 i love katy perry . and i love the circle . and i looooove chris swan ! sherocks foffbullies logies
1 twittercaster ... would love to know if its a lie ... p ! nk madonna and lady together in nyc on monday ?
1 walked into my brothers room to find justin bieber playing . : |
1 kim kardashian 's single makes me want to gathering up real musicians and lock myself in a room where no one can abuse me like that again .
1 just bought britney spears ' curious perfume and honestly it smells very good ^ ^ even more because i got it for 2 euros instead of 12 ha ha !
1 selena gomez : who says your not perfect ? who says your not pretty ? who says your not beautiful ? me : everyone .
1 britney spears songwriter defends pop star for not demanding co-writing credit : songwriter h ... . www.openallnite.com
1 ladyhabs apple survey - what do you think of apple products ? ipad sucks ? freebies .
1 this might sound dirty , but im just patiently waiting for the miley cyrus sex tape ... lol u know its bound to happen
1 wii video game will bring back mickey mouse 's dark side
1 go 2 youtube from yeah iphone & type in jamaican puppets & look at '' my man '' you gon na be dyingggggg !
1 teamlaylaa sorry . i hate lady gaga so much that she infests my brain sometimes .
1 pjfergie i like baseball ... but i do n't love it . i love the lakers , of course - but i love all basketball . it 's a lot like polo actually ...
1 madonna heartbeat i love it !
1 paranormal activities 2 looks amazing , watched the first one on my ipad on holiday . song of the holiday - ollyofficial - pdlmg . great : -rrb-
1 really . lindsay lohan is the biggest disaster ever . you really could do better .
1 i 've wondered that for years . kindle books are cheaper , but the damn reader costs $ 300 ! not so great a tradeoff methinks .
1 i was just told that i look like hilary swank .
1 but not for the german itunes store ... : o -lrb- - real soccer 2010 free iphone ipod apps
1 nick cannon needs to cut the sh * t . your done . the jig is up !
1 selena is nothing but an attention whore . before she was on hannah montana nobody knew who the fuck she was . . even before she dated nick jonas
1 dcagle : wondering where you can find sarah palin ' s new book ? this cartoon will let you know
1 heard some good steve jobs stories last night : -rrb-
1 yay ! now with the new '' report spam option '' , britney spears can suck it ! figuratively ! \ o /
1 had a good birthday . got an ipod touch and brutal legend ! one more game i now need to finish sometime .
1 '' most of you steal your software '' a young bill gates , 1976 :
1 i just had to block three or four '' followers '' whose entire message involved britney spears and sexual acts !
1 my best friend just called justin bieber a fag . . that 's pretty sad that she said that . d :
1 just listening to some britney spears < 3 :-rrb- she is my love ! ca n't imagine my secret lover going to her concert with me . ha . so ridiculous .
1 rt what 's all the fuss about obama and his nobel prize ? of course it 's a well-deserved win . he saved the world from sarah palin .
1 i 'd say tiger woods is getting some revenge on yeah yang today . 5 up through 11 holes .
1 this is bad real bad micheal jackson
1 i will never give up hope that one day shane west and mandy moore will really get married . yes , i know she 's already married but still .
1 real talk she micheal jackson bad , i 'm attracted to her , with her attractive ass ... whats the name of that song
1 sorry to bother you . . i was wondering if i could get an invite to google wave
1 meldel , britney spears suck a stick -lrb- minha follower , olha q beleza ! -rrb- , kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
1 i 'm in love with lindsay lohan ...
1 thank you , now i do too ! plus , i now also have britney spears awful cover of ' my prerogative ' rattling around my head ... : -lrb-
1 is kourtney kardashian moving to new york city for good ? .
1 i can honestly say i think lindsay lohan is fucking crazy . but she is a riot to follow ... that 's for sure .
1 rebecca black ... greatest artist since selena gomez lol
1 im so bored ima just crack on celebs mugshots . souljaboymugshot look like micheal jackson when he first hit the moonwalk lol
1 yes ! i can now , not only block people , but i can report them ! like the people with the picture of britney spears giving someone a blowjob !
1 anderson cooper will not air osama bin laden tape : damn straight ! before his death , osama bin laden reportedly ... .
1 harry potter marathon was awesome ! now to do work all day tomorrow
1 obama receives peace prize voice mail : barack obama listens to his messages from jimmy carter , al gore and george . .
1 today , sarah palin recommended this book on her facebook page .
1 oh fuck . taylor swift and taylor lautner is acting too ! fuuuucccckkk ! d :
1 could have really done with an ipad today at jump - would be great for taking notes , keeping up with email , showing clients stuff
1 rt ashnicole01 : rt iskeeterpan watching these lakers << weeeeak ! lol << -- hater !!
1 hahaha i remember wanting to be madonna like lucky star $t$ :-rrb- and like a virgin $t$ lol
1 chill rt brandi_brielle : i hate harry potter and wish he would just die already !
1 yes i am following britney spears , she was trying to get 1 million and i like her music .
1 installing windows 7 - like watching paint dry
1 watching '' georgia rule '' even though lindsay lohan is just flat out ridiculous , i like this movie -lrb- : but lindsay needs to get her act together
1 sorry ... but i do not want to listen to katy perry and shakira while i eat my sushi .
1 miley cyrus and nick jonas perfectcouple
1 anyone looking for diet tips so they can look 40 , try vodka , coke , pills . seems to be working for lindsay lohan per star mag .
1 just recalled how many times she got told she looks like a much hotter version of sarah palin last night bahaha
1 britney spears is horrible !!!!! why do people like this trash !!
1 photos : 7 amazing britney spears fan tattoos . they are awesome . . :-rrb- britneysclub , britneyspears
1 do you have eliminate professional ? on your iphone ?
1 officialstreetradio.com presents : djnophrillz world recognition v5 . its official !!! phree download psp !!!
1 so i was hppay to gain 4 followers ... dun dun dun . until i saw 4 profile pictures of britney spears sucking penis , treated ...
1 oh my god , i ca n't sleep . i ca n't close my eyes , i look justin bieber on my television
1 oh okay ... welp ... better get you some tiger woods golf for that unused wi
1 my respect for hillary clinton has rose like 100 % since she became second . of state .
1 no paris hilton . no one cares who your new dubi bff is going to be . you have no friends .
1 hear old britney spears songs ! :] they 're amazing ! ;] -rsb- | | go to bed immediately ! good night everybody ! xoxo
1 rt biebersoul : after pod , phone and ipad , apple is developing a special gadget for bieber haters . it has been named idiot .
1 slykittenx i love glee and x factor ... lady gaga had been on that right ?!
1 lindsay lohan slams jewel theft accusations : indian express troubled star $t$ has rubbished reports o . .
1 ah okay ! :-lrb- i like the psp a lot : -rrb-
1 that is so true , '' oh '' certainly is n't a president , reminds me of poor ole jimmy carter with no backbone
1 watching harry potter and watching funny content on youtube . i think people who v . blog are brave < 3
1 i 'm not even gon na try and act cool ... if i was in a horror movie i 'd be the goddamn first to die !! i 'd die even harder than paris hilton !
1 thingsimiss the monsterball , i love lady gaga too much
1 i think even steve jobs uses word 2007 ...
1 why does katie couric melt in front of hillary clinton yet bullies sarah palin ? what a leftist journalist !
1 this television spot should be pretty good . it 's not martha stewart , but it 's a start . -lrb- hey marthastewart , saraicat would love to do your show ! -rrb-
1 i love you more than britney spears
1 relleguapo smh ... negative . i will stay awake all night watching harry potter . twilight isnt all that great .
1 rt natashamarleyy : me , so i can hate ! rt itsneesh : just woke up . who coming over to watch the lakers game ?
1 i hate that new britney spears song ' 3 ' . why do her songs always have to be about sex and all that ? lmao . ...
1 who needs a diary when you have taylor swift ?
1 hollywood star supports baby unit : bbc news hollywood actor nicolas cage paid a visit to the royal united hospital . .
1 please give us rez hd -lrb- in true 1080p , not fake upscaled xbox 1080p -rrb- on the playstation 3 ! love your ps3 customers !!
1 ipaymytaxesbecause with my luck i would n't wind up in a country-club type prison like martha stewart or bernie madoff .
1 barack obama does not care what people think of him and i respect that . he is here to do a job and that 's it ...
1 best free antivirus and antispyware for windows 7 :
1 hahaha , harry potter is a lej , yeah uk is getting less wick by the year my friend , obama for the fucking win , x
1 it 's official : george bush was such an arsehole , you can win the nobel peace prize just by not being him pass
1 ghost rider movie is ridiculous . nicolas cage is awesome though .
1 musictoday lindsay lohan - black hole
1 wow this windows 7 gon na take forever to finish installing . . dnt got the patience
1 us taxpayers blow $ 529 million to produce play toys for al gore , leonardo dicaprio & other rich hypocrites - .
1 charlie sheen is my idol . winning
1 hahahahahaha you better mean the next britney spears as a compliment ! lol
1 google wave guide : user manual released for wave | popular tech news : confused about how to make make use of of goog . .
1 thank you so much for making me laugh with madonna , i needed it . true artist , je t ` adoready xx
1 nicolas cage was there to help raise funds for a new baby , sick to death of all the black , that sounds like one of my recurring dreams
1 geicos talking pot hole is britney spears , right ?
1 - the real micheal jackson
1 justin : i named my car selena gomez . selena : awww your so cute . justin : then i crashed it . .
1 well i 'd like four different 6 ' dildo 's . named chris , leo , justin timberlake & rob .
1 michelle obama is in my spanish book .
1 someone thing of a slow love song i can put on my ipod that i like ?
1 ' tea party ' protests budget compromise , and john boehner denies budging .
1 i 'm your littler monster . i love lady gaga
1 nicolas cage is suing a former business manager for bad advice & mismanagement . he should file a similar suit against his hairdresser .
1 photo : madonna : what the hell is a disco stick ? lady gag : i think you know . - saturday night live ...
1 lindsay lohan sucks at fashion , employment : bad business decisions are made all the time , but honestly , signing . .
1 i never do musicmonday ... but ' 3 ' by britney spears is just that good : d
1 lindsay lohan ' s song -lrb- even though i don like her -rrb- something that i never had totally relates to what i 'm going through right now .
1 levi johnston is going for the ultimate exposure , he will pose for playgirl.com . johnston , sarah palin ' s daughter 's baby daddy .
1 harry potter is a really shit ! i 'm so sorry , i tried it too much . but it 's impossible , i do n't like it !
1 whenever i watch a harry potter movie i feel like magic is possible and i love it !! : -rrb-
1 i would mind if he drops her soon . he deserves better . not madonna 2 in the making . he should have married a normal girl who
1 jason mraz is the nouveau dave matthews , but with better singing and less musicianship hackery .
1 oh look it 's britney spears . i think i might change the channel .
1 pfiuu ... discovered what is inside the psp . now repaired : it works perfectly : - -rrb-
1 ciclt i accepted my invitation to google wave . what is all the fuss about ?
1 tengo sueño :-rrb- | | highlight of the day : no comí dulces en la mañana :-rrb- wii !
1 comeonson you must be gay if you got britney spears album on your pod
1 i guess it 's time i listen to some taylor swift .
1 foramilliondollars quote of the day : lindsay lohan -lrb- source : celebrity vip lounge -rrb-
1 windows 7 upgrade scenarios : scenario 4 : upgrade from the $t$ rc to the final version
1 rt youhavenoteeth : fuck kobe and the lakers . < best tweet ever !
1 2 bad we ca n't clone people yet . if i was single i would like 2 have a copy of sarah palin . all women should be proud of her .
1 ; ds also have o.o but also in jap lol !!! psp de is fighting , ds de is just like arcade type
1 google wave invites are available to nice people ! preferably followers !
1 either i have a dirty filthy mind or the new britney spears song '' 3 '' is n't necessarily about the actual number ... geez !
1 i love harry potter < 3333
1 yeah then you 'd have to write bill gates a thank you card or something ...
1 i love the fact i can doodle stuff together lying in bed / on the train / etc on the ipod touch , then import into cubase later . the footur !
1 connerysteph i hate the lakers 2 m.i.a.m.i heat all day
1 im in love with britney spears ' new song . im totally dancing in my car . '' 1 . . 2 . . 3 !! ''
1 breaking : potus writes an 8th harry potter book and uses the time turner to go back and negotiate with voldemort ! nobelol tcot
1 woooow !! lady gag on snl was amazing !!! the skits was funny 2 !! esp . the one with madonna & gag together !!!
1 hilary swank looks like a man
1 amandabynes '' 3 '' - britney spears :-rrb- yeesssss graaccyyyyyyyy ! i miss you !!!
1 rt timesonline historic boost to barack obama ' is health reforms after key republican 's support
1 2009 's sixteen best pod + iphone products announced by ilounge : the editors of ilounge proudly announce . .
1 grand tourismo for psp i fucking dope .
1 regardless of my political party , i will always love hillary clinton .
1 the worldwidewade 's birthday cakes just look like lindsay lohan ' s pasties 4 ungaro ;--rrb- !!!
1 theres one near me ~ jimmy carter . . nether world . . drink heavy before you go brother ! anybody in atlanta know of some good haunted houses ???
1 foxit 's eslick reader now supports epub , puts kindle to shame hardware -
1 love my lady gaga heartbeatz !! .
1 yo real talk , whoever took my homie mpfranco ' is ipod last night hit me up and you can pretend like you did n't know who 's $t$ that was
1 jimmy carter ' is policies stunk too . were we racist against him ? tcot tlot ocra teaparty iamthemob sgp gop
1 in poland , too ! thanks to you know who to blame doctorfollowill it 's cold again . damn you al gore for creating global warming .
1 i love the windows 7 '' play to '' thing
1 is albright senile she calls joe biden & hillary clinton the best of america ? go back to your old folks home .
1 loving the movie even though lindsay lohan is in it .
1 yeah ! great ! rt uchalusil : of course ! iam proud of it . . harry potter freaks :-rrb- rt nia_swpo : pada ngerti singkatan dari hpf kan !
1 got me singing like nana na na everyday like my ipod stuck on replay . just got ta do worked sited & power point . i hate this class !
1 so i typed in '' why did '' in goggle , and here was the first suggestion : '' why did barack obama win the nobel peace prize '' - lol !
1 barack obama death threat : irish muslim convert arrested ahead of obama visit - sky news .
1 i really wish i was actually paying attention to this game instead of trying to figure out this stupid ipod touch .
1 thank you so much all monster ! you make me spirit to love lady gaga ★ -lrb-^_^-rrb- ★
1 john boehner has been grinning all day long & now we know why . he blackmailed pres obama on behalf of corporate america & only 42 brave dem
1 charlie sheen : new reports he 's returning to ' two and a half men . ' story : .
1 jewelry : report : lindsay lohan stole jewelry again - $t$ : this is starting to sound like a bathroom . .
1 i want a pretty ipod caseeee
1 ending the day thinking that the person who handled the nobel debate with the most class and reason was barack obama . i agree
1 wow ! xbox 360 games in the us sure do love call of duty .
1 thanks amazon . my kindle died . no hassle return and i can tweet from this new one .
1 no such thing ! john mayer makes me happy .
1 is not sure if it should be embarrassing to listen to the first britney spears album while waiting for the next college class ...
1 i 'd love to see her do a collaboration with britney or madonna , maybe even pcd too .
1 is lindsay lohan being a bad girl ? ushaushuahsuahsuahu , yes , she is .
1 i ca n't see it ! i do n't know if you took it off though . . yeah ipod touch . in love !
1 the obvious answer would be wear a school girls outfit but i think going as hillary clinton would be good too .
1 i ordered my amazon kindle last week , my primas have them and love them !
1 i seriously hope the acting has got better in harry potter . roommate is watching gauntlet of fire or whatever . these kids fucking suck
1 another part of me by micheal jackson is so nice ! love itttttttttttttttttt
1 reminds me of my days in the harry potter and kingdom hearts fandoms . lol i would literally spend hours just looking for a good fic to read .
1 poll : public split on health overhaul legislation : opposition to president barack obama ' is hea . .
1 i sat looking at the television with my mouth open . i just could n't believe it . i guess cus sarah palin thinks different she does n't read lol
1 monica me and my dad watched the new harry potter and mad dad slept during the whole time but me and monica loved it ! : p
1 design is not just what it looks like and feels like . '' design is how it works '' steve jobs
1 poll : obama job approval rises to 56 percent : president barack obama ' is approval ratings are starting t . .
1 she got that good good , she micheal jackson bad i 'm attracted to her with her attractive ass ! > now your a rapper
1 how cute is britney spears !! delayedtweets
1 balloon boy dad heene talks about britney spears boobs real or fake watch it
1 sorry there was a bit worse for wear , thought you meant harry potter . advertising standards in fiction a step too far ...
1 obama - if you wan na fight , please take the lead . do n't be a coward .
1 i 'm never gon na forget my ipod again . even if i have to put it in my bra .
1 barack obama blog - the facts speak for themselves . anyone concerned with israel is survival . .
1 so weird ... but awesome end quote ! '' sarah palin ' s book already best-seller ''
1 beautifulnigjtmare if you the chick that the condom break on while fucking bill gates
1 do you have a kindle ? i love mine .
1 charlie sheen denied public court battle : the actor 's case against two and a half men producers will take place ... .
1 hillary clinton ... . the backstage of barack obama win 2009 nobel peace prize ... . hero in the new freedom global world
1 tee got that good good she micheal jackson bad he attracted to her with her attractive ass -- > so you can make that bedrock : -rrb-
1 imagine selena gomez recognition as love justin bieber enough
1 lord_sugar been reading your book which is great ! i was thinking , do you think it would be possible to build an ipad type device for # 199 ?
1 bad romance sounds like madonna . lady gag has different songs . i did n't like it yet .
1 jimmy carter will go down in history as one of our worst presidents . he is an idiot .
1 congratsbritneyyes indeed !! so excited and happy that she got up and got back into her career . good job love !! yay britney spears !!
1 that was funny posted this earlier buy everytime i see it i start dying ... t-pain ft barack obama
1 okay , i 'm not exactly like lindsay lohan in georgia rule . . ha
1 rt brandi_brielle : i hate harry potter and wish he would just die already !
1 4 . i love taylor swift 100factsaboutme
1 who is the better singer christina aguilera or britney spears
1 do you even have a wii ???
1 at least one good use for google wave , might be worth a try at your next meeting or webinar ...
1 i 'm tweeting from an ipad at the apple store . this thing is fucking epic .
1 barack obama on the importance for information literacy
1 -lrb- ny politisite -rrb- -- sarah palin urges troop buildup in afghanistan : former republican vice pre . .
1 okay like i < 3 britney spears and its really badass the new single is 1 before it comes out ... but her initials are bullshit ... how unsettling .
1 found this : new post : ryder cup captain colin montgomery in awe of tiger woods ' team play -lrb-
1 new webblog post : did microsoft steal gpl code for a windows 7 utility ? = 264
1 wii game niche - converts 1:45 as of now & improving . : split testing as of now - product for playing backup and . .
1 new blog post : lindsay lohan is one fuckable bitch
1 war , inc . was good . if you liked it , you 'll also like '' lord of war '' with nicolas cage ...
1 initial reaction to google wave : i get the organization , but at a loss on how to do basic things , example remove a contact from a new message
1 you know what you better go see this is it by mj britney spears r you serious go shave your head and no more mickey mouse club for you .
1 jens once challenged lance armstrong to see who had more testicles . jens won by 5 jensvoigtfacts
1 iam_zolanski gasp no no no don say fuck harry potter . i love him lol
1 i put both my books on kindle -4 cheap-amazon had a cow because i cut price under $ 2-i want people 2 learn where corruption began
1 britney spears news kate bosworth and alexander skarsgard spotted acting like a couple : the g . .
1 rt amen to that ! songofsongs1_2 he aka obama is no commander-in-chief ! george washington is rolling over in his grave !
1 whatever , i was hoping for at least some xbox points
1 home from work !! has had a good day !! but was long ! gon na chill out and watch harry potter and the philiosophers stone !! happy days !! : -rrb-
1 hi everyone , please check out my ipod touch review on youtube ! www.youtube.com/matthewjackson14
1 news video talks about obama sends us troops to defend those that have been attacking us troops !? guns 2 mexico now this ? .
1 harry potter was great ... part 2 needs to come now
1 suites in palms las vegas at ' 07 vmas , britney spears ' s infamous performance , kanye west not winning the awards , kanye west interrupting
1 vera wang : vera wang loves food courts chelsea handler wants one with alcohol video source httpwwwtvsquadcom201 ... .
1 i hate it when my iphone just decides to stop spell-checking out of the blue . as soon as i tweet about it , it starts . michigan j . frogphone
1 google powered tvs by sony ? sounds like a great idea .
1 hello , wave invites at www.siblinks.net google wave invites . . please sign up there . . not at spam sites !
1 mcrazyshots apple survey - what do you think of apple products ? ipad sucks ? apple .
1 get hype as fuck to justin bieber and r . kelly . buff nigga shit . fucktyler
1 bforthestorm hahahahaahaaahahaa hey do n't worry :] i love you < 3 alksdjkasdasd . sometimes google translator makes easier that xd
1 russell brand prefers gardening over sex after marriage .
1 it 's sorted - will become '' christmas pressie '' for a friend -lrb- student , lol -rrb- in germany who just smashed her ipod touch : - -lrb-
1 e ! on the b - is lindsay lohan being a bad girl ? from e ! news now .
1 the mary kay women here in idaho are a lot like sarah palin . they have a pioneer spirit t -- t hey hunt , fish , & are very entrepreneurial-minded
1 britney spears - i 'm a slave 4 you or lmfao - i 'm in miami trick lol
1 yesterday took whitney , janet , michael , justin , madonna and even the pussycat dolls to make it through the work day ... and still behind .
1 rihanna no longer thinks russell brand is an idiot : rihanna says she thought $t$ was an '' idiot '' when s ... .
1 the oakridbgeboys arethe best ! get their free phone or ipod touch application ! it 's the best application on my phone !
1 fils-aime : new super mario brothers . wii will outsell mw2 -- with one stipulation -lsb- claims -rsb- : that stipulation is , it 'll b ...
1 new post : i could n't even look at her '' -- michael lohan on lindsay lohan -lrb- = 1134 -rrb-
1 rt : tastemypussy lakers fans getting defensive tonight . enjoy your ring ceremony on the 26th , prbly the last 1 until 2030 . << < hater lol
1 anyway , jimmy fallon then bed . school in the morning , unless it rains and i ca n't get a ride -lrb- which seems like it might actually happen -rrb-
1 staycie68 edit text can be done on iphone . so rt is easier
1 photos of britney spears filming a video for her single '' 3 ... : please share your opinion with our community , bu . .
1 bizarroworldkev also enjoys icarly and glee . and has an unhealthy obsession with the girl who replaced ashley tisdale on suite life .
1 tic tac , tic tac , tic tac , tic tac , tici tac , tic tac get stupid do n't stop it , i love madonna
1 gamesetwatch - shiren 3 wanders to psp : a fresh product listing on japanese online retailer rakuten indicates t . .
1 if you follow me it will make my year . you are following britney spears ! i at least have your albums . what do you say ??? please ?
1 why does jimmy carter support barack obama ? carter does n't want to go down in history as worst president .
1 in line listening to prince when doves cry ! love this ipod !
1 selena gomez & the scene - a year without rain .
1 embattled argentina coach diego maradona considering resignation ...
1 people who go to see charlie sheen and are disappointed and upset ... your dumb enough to go attend his lame show so its your own fault !
1 sales figures : adele returns to 1 & lady gaga remains on top | . . : : that grape juice / / thatgrapej . . .
1 definitely an air of pretty lezzer i grant thee is it me or does joe look a bit like hilary swank in boys do n't cry ?
1 swank upset phychologist over nudity remarks : hilary swank has sparked a storm of controversy in the u.s. by . .
1 omfgitskari fuck the lakers ha ha rt ao760 : $t$ << denzel sniffs crack from your crack
1 golf has been approved for the 2016 olympics , tiger woods they have a gold medal with your name on it
1 had rude customers , but imagined them getting beat up by barack obama , teehee . love customers ...
1 lindsay lohan news lindsay 's probation extended another year : ... lucky break for $t$ . .
1 fuck off britney spears cock sucker !!!!!! stop following me 20 times !
1 met mandy moore a few years ago , extremely nice , really tall -lrb- she had no shoes on -rrb- & well , huge feet , which is no ... .
1 yes my daughter is on the 3rd harry potter son has started reading , '' junie b jones '' series ! crazy !
1 zeus !! rt tone_freshton kobe is amazing ... period rt lakers : kobe impresses phil jackson ! does he impress you ? - .
1 lmfaoo !!! '' are you a whore ? '' < -- that is what you get asked when you like britney spears and ashley tisdale , guys . just a warning .
1 22 -rrb- i love justin bieber always and forever
1 president barack obama getting plenty of advice on his new orleans ...
1 ds | this week on xbox live - modern warfare 2 - b6oyj
1 sarah palin : a fascist woman who thrives off disinformation and belittling intellectuals .
1 shortys like a melody in my head got me singing na na na na ... ... it 's like my ipod ' is stuck on replay . :-rrb- good song by iyaz all up in there .
1 new musicm listen to britney spears '' monster '' and shakira feat little ' wayne '' give it up to me ''
1 i love the first and second and fourth harry potter movies . i think all the other ones suck . bring one of those directors back !
1 what do you mean broke ? like marthastewart broke , or mchammer broke ? mc hammer broke !! noooooo jajajaja
1 ainda estou com sequelas do show the shakira , quero outro !! perfect !
1 screw harry potter references i ca n't keep up
1 it 's like i 'm trying to jump back into church and i ca n't be super woman and i 'm not bill gates ca n't drop $ 1,000 ' s
1 i think you should all just assume you have cervical cancer and let us use the $ for tax cuts for charlie sheen .
1 '' i like performing for my fans . i like to see their smiles . '' - justin bieber . rt if you love when justin smiles :-rrb- ♥
1 fire in the fireplace , hot cocoa , and now harry potter movie -lrb- 1 -rrb- ... a cozy night .
1 ... correction ... no one is following my twitter account . least of all britney spears .
1 kim kardashian always says do n't goggle yourself ... well duh ! you have a sex tape idiot . i goggle myself and my eharmony account comes up
1 support britney spears 3 , add a twibbon to your avatar now ! -
1 - o , happy day ! welcome to the iphone family .
1 actually obama does deserve the nobel prize . if it was n't for him - sarah palin would be in the white house right now
1 half of iowa republicans do n't believe barack obama was born in the us ... and the other half believe in alien abductions .
1 canon powershot . i love mine and it 's very reliable & easy to use .
1 going to give google wave a try on a work project . maybe i 'll see the light now that i 've got a reason to go back there .
1 ipad i think you ca n't blame people if they watch himym , the show is too awesome to ignore , sorry .
1 new york/new york : live band karaoke day in pop report - miley cyrus needs mental help - new lady gag .
1 is really enjoying google wave this is going to be a huge educational resource . another reason christians need to abandon college system
1 holy crap ! thanks very much to zombie_inc for my google wave invite , that 's tomorrow sorted i guess .
1 not ashamed i 've been listening to rihanna & britney spears ' s&m remix . all day .
1 breakingnews : on a visit to northern ireland hillary clinton is overheard saying that without the violence it 's just a shitty little place .
1 britney spears '' 3 '' is great . love britney !! always have always will
1 -lrb- you drive me -rrb- crazy - britney spears
1 madonna news $t$ wins damages over wedding photos : in celebrity legal news , $t$ has accepted . .
1 the xbox controller is definitely worse . i hate that controller .
1 yessir ... i fucking love it . lakeshow all day ! rt plae i swear when the lakers play my tl is active
1 too much ! miley quits twitter , stevie had swine flu , britney spears number 1 again , garygo follows us ??? this is insane
1 yes th jerk and my brother play 1 . wii so i can twitter with you guys longer year !
1 i wonder if charlie sheen realizes that no one actually knows what the fuck he is talking about . loser
1 my iphone has been perfect so far . no complaints .
1 selenagomez , selena gomez ' hurt ' by justin bieber 's fans ' bitter comments - .
1 i love how avpm has become a part of how i watch the harry potter movies and read the books
1 britney spears new video hold it against me is stupid . britney needs to make a better comeback ...
1 dha lakers in 2k11 is fuckinqq awesome , idk wuh myles waz talkinqq about ?
1 rt breakingnews : secretary of state hillary clinton says the international community will not accept a continuation of north korea 's n ...
1 john + edward looked more like man-machine kraftwerk than britney spears xfactor
1 to all of you that love j lo and hate lady gag ... gag is writing and producing songs for $t$ 's new album , so ... suckonthat ; - -rrb-
1 i love song '' 3 '' from britney spears < 3
1 okay , thanks ! hopefully i can download it to kindle .
1 watching harry potter ! and being goofy ! < 3 ha i know you love me = p
1 here 's where the cinefest parties are : paris hilton and kim kardashian are n't there for the obscure art films . i ... .
1 now that it 's december i think its safe to listen to christmas tree by lady gaga . i love me some gaga
1 jimmy carter , al gore , and now barack . i sense a trend ...
1 just got an invite to begin beta testing google wave . better late than never
1 rt `` dino_brown : rt lildicktracy : fuck harry potter ... . fuck myers park ... . wetheboyz ''
1 is loving the new punch out for the wii . just like the old snes one , but nicer and just as much fun . : d
1 oh well i want to see a movie soooo bad ha the last one i saw was harry potter
1 xfactor joe mcelderry looks like hilary swank in boys do n't cry ... or as kevin said : '' a dyke !! ''
1 very annoying that iphone corrects '' says '' to '' sex . '' everytime i fail to catch , i send a goofy message . sometimes worse than goofy .
1 i miss waking up in the middle of the night & hearing surat albaqarah whispering to us in a reassuring way ! amooon i want my ipod back !!
1 there is n't a damned thing free on the xbox : d
1 britneyspears britney spears and kevin federline in couples counseling : even after facing each oh . .
1 having issues with xbox customer service . they made an error and they think i should be charged for it . we 'll see .
1 citybndinmydrms i hate the suns so i would go to the game as a knicks fan but i 'm a lakers fun so i definitely wan na go to a k vs l game
1 : you 're so mean to madonna . she 's a nice muscly old lady ! me : she 's needs to put it away ! i do n't even wan na see her ankles !
1 can someone please tell me why barack obama won the nobel prize ?
1 i never ever get sick of pretending that i do n't know who dave matthews is .
1 listening to my favorite song by britney spears '' 3 '' i love it
1 that 's no way to welcome home your xbox !
1 who knew that the wii fit could be such a good workout ? i 've been doing it for 2 hours , and my legs are stiff !!
1 ha what 's all the fuss about obama and his nobel prize ? of course it 's a well-deserved win . he saved the world from sarah palin
1 google - $t$ map is so fun i love exploring .
1 oh yeah ... google wave has drag and drop uploads - craziness !
1 inspiring meeting at the national gallery with their chief scientist including rare insight into raphael 's madonna of the pinks
1 party like a rockstar is no longer acceptable . you party like charlie sheen , or you do n't party at all yeah digg
1 i don care what anyone says i think katy perry has a great voice !
1 i think it is so strange the weird fascination my friend has with britney spears .
1 so you finally got google wave ? you should add me to you contacts . not sure if you are following me but i 'll try to deathmatch my email .
1 lady gaga is to madonna as a dip shit eccentric hat whore is to madonna .
1 20 iphone apps that could improve your business .
1 finally got a return on my wii ; i probably made a 1/3 of what it cost , but at least it does n't gather dust anymore ...
1 cause i used to like britney spears and nsync , loved me some justin t . lmao & i dated 1 white guy in headshot
1 lol . britney spears new song is about a threesome . but its 2 guys one girl ? i believe thats called a gangbang . dirty britney
1 and cady playing wii baseball . . this is a pretty hilarious sight to see .
1 i would be proud to live in america with a president like obama better then our president who looks like harry potter
1 microsoft banning xbox 360 modders : g4 television so if you 're enjoying your illegal games on your modded 360 , play . .
1 any more q 's about why promiscuity , drugs , and alcohol do n't pay ? lindsay lohan looks like she 's 40 .
1 i love this child , she is amazing !!!! lady gaga - born this way -lrb- cover -rrb- . via youtube
1 all of a sudden i feel weird giving my google wave invite to another dude ... yep i need a crying games shower now . / / rofl !
1 currently have a blackberry curve , iphone requires contract break and shoddy service , going to try the droid when it comes out
1 knock them silly britney spears - oops ! ... i did it again
1 lady gaga wraps '' born this way '' : $t$ tweeted that her new album , the much anticipated born this way , was t ... .
1 tweet from news - justjared : lindsay lohan : fendi boots fierce : $t$ dons a fierce pa . .
1 xbox live : o stark1ll3r o is currently online . playing rock band 2 . world tourfeel the pain . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 i wonder if people like wiz , taylor swift , and bieber will be popular in 5 years ... -lrb- i hope not -rrb-
1 congratulations to britney spears on being able to count to three ! atta girl ... hypem
1 do your jimmy carter impression brah
1 rebecca black death threats - demi lovato bipolar - elton john glee duet - lady gag denies ripping off madonna - dr. . . .
1 liberals are starting to tweet that john boehner is an alcoholic . it 's not like he drove off a bridge and killed somebody . tcot gop
1 hello people love you justin bieber xx
1 estou ouvindo : brave new girl - britney spears
1 lol big time ! guy ritchie confesses : '' i still love madonna , but she 's retarded . '' -
1 now reading : britney spears reportedly desperate for third marriage . via ctvwebeditors brit . marry me instead of crappy .
1 i love britney spears new song . think its called '' 3 '' ????
1 oh okay thank you . is n't britney spears better then lady gag ?
1 61 % of teens surveyed by ja admire steve jobs because he '' made a difference ; improved people 's lives ; made the world a better place . '' apple
1 harry potter made me wan na rip my hair out . fuck cliffhangers : -lrb-
1 good role model . kids admire steve jobs more than oprah and the olsen twins
1 filament saiu drip de harry potter adn the half blood prince -rrb- weeee
1 lmao britney spears & jamielynn being on the factor the night . lol ko john & edward but its scary they looked more like them than they do .
1 lost your love of google ? maybe its time to throw the $t$ switch ! .
1 now that i 'm used to google instant search i do n't know how i lived without it . loveit
1 vdub01 graemeharre roxstar_pr we need to use google wave - we keep adding people - anythings better than what i have !
1 i would like to see mr. t punch sarah palin in the face .
1 psp go basically dead already in australia - the inquisitr
1 ahhh , ahaaaa , i love you baby -lrb- essa é a versão britney spears -rrb-
1 shut up danni , how ' about you singing britney spears ? even bigger oops !
1 ordered sarah palin ' s new book yesterday . ca n't wait till it comes out ! it 's already a best seller and has n't even been released yet ...
1 no matter how awesome your design tools are ; tablet , ipad , laptop & so on . i think we always come back into a piece of paper
1 modern warfare 2 : microsoft reiterate stance on xbox 360 piracy ...
1 * tiger woods fist pump * charlispeth ; -rrb-
1 the new iphone game got normal collision effects and is hopefully more detailed then asphalt racing 4 for $t$ ?
1 say rude things about the amazon kindle
1 you might be a star , but your not a winner ... wii tennis ! holla me !
1 funny cartoon by slowpokejen about an alternate reality where phones grow sentient -lrb- featuring sarah palin -rrb-
1 also , lol at how weird german television made my school look . and how many times they randomly mention harry potter .
1 that iphone got ta go like a sap
1 confession time ... google wave is the first thing technology wise that makes me feel like '' frozen caveman lawyer '' in forever ...
1 joe biden -lrb- 2007 -rrb- thinks the president should be impeached for a war without asking congress . got ta love old videos . - .
1 can i have a google wave invite please ? :-rrb- email : skuzzbucket hotmail.com
1 seriously guys stop posting those stupid taylor swift pictures ! ugh ... or i 'll follow you all ! .
1 taylor swift & & justin bieber are really good friends :-rrb- swiftconnect
1 i 'm a google wave skeptic but i have 20 invites . deathmatch if you 'd like one or have one sent to a colleague .
1 android = fragmentation . awesome pie chart with 16m colors amateurs at google
1 the failure of barack obama
1 new activision tony hawk 's professional skater 2 popular high quality modern design beautiful exquisite : in addition to ... .
1 misplaced my ipod ... sad day .
1 listening to a madonna song on you tube the name of the sonf is revenge its really good it never got released
1 obama faces criticism of mission in libya . -lsb- npr -rsb-
1 teman-teman semuaaa . . check this out ! free tickets for justin bieber concert ! .
1 apple insider : report : apple testing rfid swipe support in iphone prototypes
1 britney spears ' toxic is playing in the store right now ... a bit odd if you ask me
1 mira ! love_beyonce lindsay lohan tries to get a piece of the true blood ? lindsay quiere estar en true blood ? * -- * ojala sisisi
1 hillary clinton says no , she wo n't run for president . but really if she was , would you expect her to say yes right now ?
1 the way you talking to me few minutes ago is like if i do n't let you play my psp , then block me
1 republicans should n't use the words '' -lsb- s/he -rsb- does n't deserve it '' . they 're the ones that nominated sarah palin for vp . p2
1 33 . i 'm tired of hearing about charlie sheen , i act crazy all the time . where 's my money ?!
1 britney spears 3 please
1 who is carol mccain ; besides john mccain 's former wife ? : i received this in a forwarded e-mail ; i was wondering ... .
1 pretty much . but steve jobs is a terrorist too . ooooohhh i went there !
1 ... lindsay lohan ... really ? you can do better than her . and you 're gay ! tf ?
1 i love you little pink ipod . i 'll never leave you alone again !!!!!!!!
1 the new jimmy carter ? : i saw this billboard in nj last weekend : how long will democrats be able to hang with around . .
1 scott roemermann 's real estate investing secrets - by scott roemermann - kindle edition .
1 girl dressed like britney spears '' hit me baby one more time '' on campus . guess halloween is starting early this year ?
1 i love the harry potter movies ! just saying . . nbd
1 holy buckets-goodbye kindle , hello nook ! color screen , notetaking ability , easier to read . * eeek ! * my bookshelf begs me
1 i do n't think there is anything . . anything i care less about than britney spears globalgrind 0_o
1 obama , int ' l leaders denounce jerusalem terrorist attack : us president on j'lem bombing and gaza rocket attacks : ... .
1 man i love harry potter !
1 word is sarah palin is having trouble booking speeches because people think she 's a blistering idiot . not true ! palin is not blistering .
1 xbox live : fcm0vies is currently online . playing rock band . solo drums tourwhen you were young . -lrb- $t$ live nation -rrb-
1 this bing/ie9 sneak peak is pretty awesome . i have to hand it to bing - they 're kicking google 's ass in innovation . .
1 9th most tweeted video in tech | | amazing ipad animations ! .
1 apparently justin bieber , rihanna and nicki minaj are doing a charity album to raise money for japan .
1 , so true i won an xbox 360 in one of those crane games
1 omg ! nothing can get worse than madonna dry humping and acting like a slut when she 's 51 and has like a gabilli ...
1 i love britney spears , showtunes , and disney . the end !
1 rawker28 oh thank you ... good morning ! the newspapers on my google home page were all at about 7 or 8 so that 's great to hear !!
1 np taylor swift - back to december
1 here 's our schedule ... 1 -rrb- watch bonnie hunt today , 2 -rrb- buy a 2nd copy to bury that dumb bitch sarah palin -lrb- via officialkathyg -rrb-
1 just ordered the kindle dx ! yay ! i 'm so excited :-rrb- you will love it !
1 sometimes i listen to britney spears at night and it makes me wan na do stuff . like bad stuff . ; - -rrb-
1 what 's the difference between princess di and tiger woods ? $t$ has a reliable driver . . too soon ? uh oh .
1 i just took '' you hate justin bieber , but will you hate him even more when you f ... '' and got : part 3 ... ! try it : .
1 the psp just played by itself - yes yes , it turned out and played a music by itself . its creepy na here . : s
1 and he has a vision too ! mirzan mahatir is looking like steve jobs right now .
1 rt if you love lady gaga 4eva : -rrb-
1 ha when they said justin timberlake i thought they were gon na say justin bieber . omg i have serious problems lol
1 i love me some britney spears . maybe i 'm jist special like that .
1 i wish xntshx was here to entertain me . but shes hitting the clubs like shes lindsay lohan .
1 okay , so . upon reflexion , harry potter 6 was not good . but i still like it . call me bipolar . : - p
1 nicki minaj ah freak on the low
1 lakers !!! great game !
1 xfactor ... hold up hold up . . major . . pause . . does anyone else think its a bad idea for u & ur twin brother to sing britney spears on national television
1 schipulcon notes of the day : unicorns fart glitter | britney spears is like a social networking site-every1 's been with her | help me help you !
1 guess i wasnt special but its straight just like george bush said fuck yall niggas im out here ! ...
1 i just took '' you and justin bieber have been best friends since you were bot ... '' and got : 31 picnic and hockey ! try it : .
1 my stepdad is not getting addicted to harry potter movies . oh i love him right now .
1 lockerz : free wii , ps3 , 360 , dsi , psp , pod , macbook , canon , hdtv , fashion , games , guitar hero , rock band . see
1 and madonna wishes she had my man pieces
1 what a cute movie ! ashton kutcher is too cute and amanda peet is gorgeous ! ha its 7am . . time for bed : s
1 what do i think about micheal jackson song honestly i cant go threw a week without listening to mj now so yes i love me some mike
1 i am thinking about putting a kindle on my wish list , any suggestions ? thoughts ? comments ? please share !
1 oh mary lucia , i love you for playing britney spears .
1 do n't know if i 've mentioned this before but logos + ipad is possibly the greatest bible study platform ever .
1 rt aaranged : great reference > google search url parameters -- query string anatomy . seosmarty
1 - may have to get a ghetto wii for hanakkah . . lol
1 okay mtv is pissing me off . . how is mariah carey and michael jackson hip-hop ? not everyone who 's pseudo-black is hip-hop , please !
1 woo hoo ! omnivore is written up in town & country 's nov . issue . best part is hilary swank ' s on the cover - excellent company to be in !
1 i do n't enjoy the fact that i do n't get alerted when someone is waving at me in google wave
1 the apocalypse may be here . christopher hitchens had grudging compliment for hillary clinton . asteroids hitting earth in 3 , 2 , 1 ...
1 miley cyrus is a bad actor . sorry to all her fans who say that the last song is ' just like totally the best mover ever ' but no . no its not .
1 38 . i want to sing with justin bieber one day . yes , i sing better than r . hitam . -lrb- : 100factsaboutme
1 when i put my phone / ipod on random , i find some very good songs that i have n't heard in a while . driving while $t$ ing is entertaining .
1 installing windows 7 on an hp mini 2140 = not so bad . installing win 7 on an acer aspire one 751h = ugh . -lrb- not sure why . just * feels * slower -rrb-
1 charlie sheen is a god damn idiot and im tired of hearing about him . yourshowsucked notwinning losing
1 watching britney spears '' for the record '' i love her !!!!!
1 okay here goes nothing ... i 'm playing it minus xbox live ... fingers crossed
1 guess when the last swine flu scare was . 1976 . who was president . jimmy carter . forward to 2009 . the man even worse than carter . obama
1 this britney spears video is like horse porn !
1 the faces of the 14 guys in my power lifting class when justin bieber came on ... priceless ! ha ha .
1 celeb couple watch , celeb legal woes , celeb news , celebrities , adam lambert , angelina jolie , arnold schwarzenegger , ... .
1 finished a review draft of the windows 7 migration implementation assessment for the state , will be interesting to see internal comments .
1 rt this lakers -lrb- !! -rrb- i rather any other team win besides them !
1 im thankful gor harry potter !
1 ♥ me against the music -lrb- feat . madonna -rrb- by britney spears lastfm :
1 industry games - guitar hero brand respected like iphone or harley david . .
1 ffs resi 3 froze . stupid psp . nothing 's working ; _ ;
1 just finished watching freaky friday lindsay lohan version with the family - good times !!!
1 rt if you like miley cyrus .
1 strip scribbles : justin timberlake , bruce willis shooting new film ... : an all-star cast led by bruce willis and ... .
1 afghanistan and jimmy carter -- both are still a mess
1 cool damonpayne awesome windows 7 themes :
1 the only reason i care about sarah palin ' s marriage is a divorce would sink her chances at running for potus or vpotus . one can only hope .
1 lindsay lohan ' s friends fear she 's hit rock bottom : friends of lindsay 's worry that she 's '' an obituary waiting . .
1 this insane new video of taylor swift is just too sexy . .
1 alex rodriguez belts grand slam , has 6 rbi in yankees ' win : baltimore -- with his '' dead arm '' feeling more alive , ... .
1 i think i got assigned a tough opponent on words with friends . he 'll eventually beat my ass . iphone
1 dang just about every artist is releasing a greatest hits album . freaking madonna , britney spears , janet jackson and now fall out boy ??
1 trying again culturemap : why you can not give up on astros : hunter pence is still more fun to cheer than alex rodriguez .
1 loving the advanced news feature on google search : .
1 alicia keys toples $t$ - rnb singer $t$ flashing sweet body in hot bikini -lrb- clicks : 3159 -rrb- $t$ - pop star alicia key
1 anne frank house ?? moose mansion ... damm where have i been ... maybe i can play in these next days . . mw2 ftw xbox
1 i believe in you like , a virgin ; you 're madonna , and i 'm always gon na want to blow your mind .
1 my good lindsay lohan ! - . -
1 i have no reason to mess with these slobs because ' they are bill gates and i 'm steve jobs ...
1 -lsb- bbc -rsb- clinton warning to afghan leader : us secretary of state hillary clinton says the winner of afghanistan 's . .
1 got ta light skin friend look like micheal jackson got ta dark skin friend look like $t$ . . lmfao im crying off that rip mj though
1 video : i just thought that everyone should know , that i love hilary swank . she is amazing . also , this movie ... ...
1 classy question posed to the alaska dot : '' does sarah palin look as good in person as she does on television ? '' ... good one !
1 it looks like the people who i put on my google wave invite list got their invites today . .
1 why make-up fims l'oreal and dior paint stars ' like lady gaga 's mouths in lipstick ads ? : the crude enhancement a ... .
1 lindsay lohan - beautiful life ... so real ! get with it !!!!!!!!!
1 jay-z - empire state of mind with alicia keys .
1 britney spears voted best celebrity mom ! = angelina + jolie
1 she got that good good she micheal jackson bad
1 my woman taneciah is obsessed with kim kardashian and her family , and lindsey lohan !!!!!!! lol
1 oh okay they are stories written by fans about whatever they like i only read harry potter fanfics though some are quite goodxx
1 britney spears - '' why should i be sad '' pharrell killed this ! but this song actually requires '' good '' vocals ! and britney just didnt cut it lol
1 britney spears ' s ' 3 ' was so weird it was frightening , its terrible
1 harry potter = the best movie in the world !
1 a $ 1.4 trillion deficit , medicare and medicaid have $ 50 trillion unfunded liability , sarah palin was right about death panels
1 has some disturbing britney spears porn follower on twitter . go me
1 john mccain is getting soft -lsb- war -rsb- -lrb- gawker.com -rrb- : war monster $t$ , fresh off of his triumphant jaunt t ... .
1 saturday , song of the week :3 - britney spears . she 's nice , she signed all those fan mail , and within 2 months :-rrb- what a beautiful singer she is :
1 what 's all the fuss about obama and his nobel prize ? of course it 's a well-deserved win . he saved the world from sarah palin
1 my obsession with britney spears has actually helped someone . who knew going to the circus could be so helpful ?
1 rachel maddow obliterates john mccain , joe lieberman , and lindsay graham 's libyan hypocrisy by noahedavis .
1 hey beliebers . . i love justin bieber . . -lrb- :
1 '' barack hussein obama ii is flamenguista '
1 lol , thought i had it . turns out it just froze the psp solid . had to remove the battery to kill it . gen time i think = /
1 zune comedy science better than the paris hilton sex video .
1 musicmonday 3 - britney spears , seriously my current obsession -lrb- :
1 nicolas cage sues ex-manager , accusing him for his financial fallout -
1 does anyone else think joe looks like hilary swank in boys don cry ?! just me then xfactor
1 britney spears ft . little wayne - bad girl
1 photo : i feel like listening to my ipod . . i have that song `` i 'm a korean '' stuck in my head . ow , i just got a ...
1 good . glenn beck is horrible . rt : guardiannews : waitrose dumps fox news in protest over remarks about barack obama
1 rt dxbrylle : iloveitwhen laker-haters keep drinking the haterade then the lakers would keep winning championships . 3peat ! $t$
1 britney spears is stuck in my mind ! its that damn song , '' 3 . '' too catchy to get out of my head . britneyspears
1 is watching her boys play some wii game ... they are too funny lol !
1 advisor ~ 10:30 , core lecture at 11 , got back 30 minutes ago , and that 's it . shorinryu at 2:15 pm , install windows 7 , sae ice cream social
1 hating the fact that i like the new britney spears song
1 she got that good good she micheal jackson bad and im attracted to her with her attracted ass ...
1 jbieebersctst . . it would it would lol ... i just seen the new harry potter movie . . have you seen it yet . . it was amazing lol
1 would like apple to include the flash technology for the future iphone .
1 syfy did you bring home any goodies from apple , google or ilm ? those make for great give aways ...
1 friends with benefits looks so much better than no strings attached . it 's totally ashton kutcher 's fault
1 when i demanded quality virgins , a voice told me that ellen degeneres and charice were still alive and ca n't be delivered yet .
1 presidents cup moments split decision : tiger woods vs . ernie els in a sudden-death playoff sounds like compelli . .
1 lindsay lohan fail to electrify at paris fashion !!! : on sunday afternoon $t$ showed her first collection . .
1 just got my netflix instant streaming disc for ps3 . prayers have been answered . suck on that xbox .
1 i am not oprah . i am not good at giving advice . i do n't have the answers . i offer suggestions and they 're not always bankable .
1 musicmonday britney spears - 3 ; one less lonely girl - justinbieber !
1 tehehe what can i say i love the spice girls ... i own all the cds ... lol and they are on my ipod yeg
1 shout to my new followers ... guarantee you enjoy this shit ... even britney spears be headnoddin on penis following lol
1 lindsay lohan love +1 ... ... ...
1 i wonder if barack obama ever thinks how f * cking awesome he is for getting a theme song played every time he walks into a room ?
1 i have no faith in the perfection of windows 7 since microsoft is still sending me experience updates 8 years later . windowssucks buyamac
1 i hate wii
1 i no longer believe i could survive without my ipod ! : s
1 is super mad that his ipod is broken ... > = -lrb-
1 the ed show just played a clip of justin bieber to make a '' witty '' point ... i hope you 're proud p2 .
1 ive had the misfortune of meeting madonna she is such a stuck up bitch ! ♥ d when met you at expo ldn ages ago though cme back to ldn . x
1 yay 3rd 1 for miss britney spears < 3 and i ca n't wait for monday * . *
1 repubs scoff at obama 's nobel win , say sarah palin should 've won for her work locating russia on a map .
1 why this britney spears sex video following me 800 times . i bet i got like 50 followers the rest is britney fuck video
1 just installed windows 7 . the upgrade from vista failed miserably ... after troubleshooting for x hours i gave up in favor of a clean setup
1 aw i love britney spears ! getting in the shower with kimmy ... ew
1 television talk -lrb- minneapolis - st. paul star tribune -rrb- | 7 a.m. today tina fey , jimmy carter , monty python reunion . -lrb- kare , ch . . .
1 tiger woods apologizes after ringing cell phone , loud fan top bad day at presidents cup
1 i hate mobile web , but my genius of a brother decided to install windows 7 onto his laptop and it doesnt work to well . .
1 on my way to math class . got the ipod to my left , internet on right . i love technology
1 thexfactor cher 's amazing ... she should sing with lady gaga - telephone ...
1 did n't know that '' not being george bush '' could win you a nobel peace prize . i 'm not $t$ ; where 's / my / prize ?
1 even cartoons with nicolas cage in them have crappy dialog .
1 '' wait there calculating delta g 's of reactions ? why don you get marianguidry and hillary down here '' - djthams
1 harry potter taking 2 long with these damn movies weoffthat
1 nothing like some john mayer and dave mattews before bed ... $t$ - my stupid mouth . via youtube
1 jimmy kimmel : perez hilton 's failed children 's book titles : jimmy kimmel pokes fun at blogger $t$ 's rec ... .
1 i love my ipod on shuffle . its like my schizophrenia is the dj and all my personalities are the guests .
1 more than barack obama , more than nancy pelosi , olympia snowe is a traitor to the united states of america . tcot gop iamthemob
1 no you idiot ... :-rrb- the discussion was really boring , but laura did a good job as britney spears
1 wow watching new south park and they is disrespecting the shit out of micheal jackson lmao
1 amazing list of every google product and how much we depend on them - .
1 i don want to admit that ive been drawn into factor but those evil harry potter type twins getting through ? disgraceful ! commercial madness
1 arrgh hate the windows 7 adverts they are so fake
1 so , the weather in hobart is just as crazy as charlie sheen .
1 awww im telling retirement home lol i love yeah jaime miss chatting with yeah . sims was my crack on ps2 i need 2 get the wii 1 's
1 you were adorable on eastwick , obviously . :d it 's so weird to see you playing someone so un-avpm ! harry potter - ish .
1 watching desperately seeking susan . still madonna ' is best film for me . and sid from csi : ny looks so young & cute !
1 damn lindsay lohan looks like shit
1 give support to comic relief and this wonderful girl shakira for help to africa !!! we need them as they need us ! waka waka ;-rrb- free africa
1 eta : 2 hours , 22 minutes according to google maps . so excited ! mdshadley lovelynana2
1 that 's a great song ! did you click the link ? i love steve jobs quotes ...
1 boehner : obama 's libya plan lacks goals or clear mission ... newsmax . via addthis
1 musicmonday britney spears ~ break the ice britneyspears love her !!
1 ' saint palermo ' comes to the rescue for maradona ' is argentina
1 lindsay lohan did not look her best in court on friday .
1 the belmont club has sobering words about libya . one highlighted issue : is barack obama under the saya .
1 sensational ! rt robsonsanchez : amazing ipad animations . . $t$
1 footwitter.com : maradona denies threat to resign = 1826
1 are rebeccawoodhead i forgettto check google wave and without alert notification it 's unlikely to be a habit googlewaif
1 khloe kardashian retweets waaaay too much ! it completely fills up my home page , and quite frankly , i do n't care ! time to unfollow ...
1 i 'm dropping a britney spears disco remix tomorrow ... which is just a taste of what 's to come .
1 del harris had shaquille o'neal and kobe bryant and did n't win . doug collins had jordan and pippen and did n't win . phil jackson is great .
1 got it worked out . every teen with faithful attendance & completion of the online bible study , will get an ipod touch . details this sunday .
1 rt dniizy2fresh : fuck the lakers * signs off twitter * -- de'nier pooh you know i love you right ? do n't tweet that shit again !
1 taylor swift , i want your voice . miley cyrus , i want your hair . jasmine villages , i want your smile . selena gomez , i want your boyfriend . .
1 los angles lakers : power ranking top 10 greatest moments in ... : with the start of a new nba season nearly upon you ... .
1 top 3 weekly lastfm artists : marisa monte - 36 . britney spears - 30 . lady gag - 25 .
1 i hate harry potter weekend
1 100factsaboutme 5 . i love selena gomez-nick jonas-joe jonas - kevin jonas - taylor swift - demi lovato & miley
1 do you want a wi-fi 32gb ipad ? we 're giving one away 4 our grand opening , your odds are great ! 1entry/day through 10/16 ; lakemead/water carl 's jr. .
1 so great to see barack obama defeat the man who brought so much pain to the city of new york : donald trump .
1 micheal jackson is n't even new , it was meant to go on the history album but didnt because it was rubbish : -rrb-
1 rayascoop who are you interviewing with next week please lady gaga shes amazing by the way you should come to romania to interview some hot singrers
1 my loneliness is killing me ... britney spears - ... baby one more time
1 i think that rianna is the best singer of the world , of course that after of the madonna all right
1 former house speaker newt gingrich urged house republicans to defeat obama care
1 i love backtodecember by taylor swift . that girl speaks to me .
1 hilary swank & richard gere as an screen romantic couple ? that 's a little terrifying ! amelia comes out this friday ? oscar-time already ?
1 what are you so bitter about anyway ? and why are you swinging from lindsay lohan ' s sack ? just curious . .
1 she is interesting ! fusetv is doing a cool show on britney spears life & music onfusenow . rt if you love britney . - ad
1 harry potter action figures | discount and buy cheap batman action figures .
1 friend referring to ' pray ' by justin bieber : '' if i had cancer or some sickness & justin beaver came in i would say fuck you wheres lady gaga ''
1 britney griner is a beast ... 30 pts , 4 reb , 4 ast , 9 black wow
1 changminfacts yes , i would , we 'll go to hogwarts school because both of us loves harry potter xd
1 right through me - nicki minaj
1 yep . just finished swapping the hard drive on my friends ps3 . now putting the 8 seasons of family guy on it . can the xbox do that . no .
1 hey thetechgame this is why i hate playing shooters on xbox you have to ads to much -lrb- thetechgame.com live ' -rrb-
1 i really do love britney spears .
1 i thought you should 've sounded a little more like hagrid from harry potter . experience
1 so the kindle supports pdfs but not natively . anyone want to enlighten me as to the difference ? lazyweb $t$
1 lindsay lohan fashion show - clothes are sexy lilo is not ! video disappointment of dud actor fashion
1 beautifulsong ! chris brown feat . justin bieber - next 2 you
1 excuses why you own a britney spears : excuses why you own a $t$
1 nobel peace prize always been a bit of a joke . it 's been given to a number of shady characters , like yassir arafat & jimmy carter .
1 rt phxsuns6thman rt zodogg34 : rt bwilliams210 : rt connerysteph : rt if you are lakers
1 american idol kris allen faz cover de sucesso de britney spears . ouça :
1 btw , my friend ewanspence over at the podcast network just released his latest the psp show podcast with his review of the $t$ go ! listen !
1 i knew jack white was awesome . is britney spears more authentic than bob dylan ?
1 i have that stupid britney spears song in my head arghhh . i hate that song '' 3 ''
1 i need to follow more nick jonas fans .
1 debi mazar was more glamorous than her buddy madonna then . she was exotic . now , $t$ is the glamorous 1 & the super famous 1 . love her dialect
1 - google wave invite sent to you as well . please be patient for it to arrive ...
1 giving the president a wedgie : president barack obama is like the new kid at the interna . .
1 i was feeling bet for a minute till they cut a micheal jackson joint to play j holiday ?? wtf ?? kissssteeeeth
1 celebrity lindsay lohan : fendi boots fierce
1 bill gates is a scorpio sweet like rock kandy
1 right here !!!!!!!!!! rt bigjamaal lakers where y' all at ?
1 i love it when google change their logo to match the occasion of the day . . :d rt if you do too ♥
1 my battery is dying on my ipod and someone is on my computer i will be back and a little bit
1 evil cough still evil . a google wave invite might help me recover from this flu faster . just saying ...
1 cause the team is bad real bad micheal jackson
1 omg !!! i 'm like 6 weeks away from seeing britney spears ... i 'm so excited i love her so much . loving ' her new single ' 3 ' check it out !!!
1 - that lady sure is gag ! i ♥ ladygaga did you see her & madonna on snl last night ?! classic : -rrb-
1 we < 3 vanessa . video : vanessa williams talks to joy behar about racism and barack obama .
1 does cbs really think couric is problem & not their corrupt bias . is anderson cooper gunna resurrect ? how about john stossel ?
1 cry0g3n my name is boxxy , and you ` se trollin ' ! just use bing or google translate , you will love it !
1 i do n't like seeing tiger woods , bill romanowski and nutritional supplements in the same story :
1 my politico piece on nobel peace prize : '' i 'd hate to be in bill or hillary clinton ' is houses today , especially his . ''
1 neville chamberlain won a nobel prize for naively appeasing hitler . jimmy carter similarly won one for being suckered by north korea .
1 and this is why we love apple products . '' i 'm homeless and this is why i have an ipad '' - .
1 question 9 : what do britney spears and i have in common besides music ?? both hate vexnews ?
1 anyone want a 30gb black ipod video ? it works perfect just a little scratched up .
1 he 's gay ? he had a lot of girlfriends . he 's got no talent ? justin timberlake and usher were fighting over him
1 how to present like steve jobs - awesome , super duper , just great , lol to those that get it ; - d
1 is a very interesting article introducing google wave its features and how it is a tool for the future !
1 psp $t$ go free games hack -lsb- eng -rsb-
1 hilary swank talks motherhood , divorce and nudity : $t$ says she is so comfortable being nude that her . .
1 i don care what you say because demi lovato is better than selena gomez ! demi is a role model even if you don wan na admit it ! staystrongdemi
1 need halloween ideas ? here 's a how-to on dressing like britney spears !
1 mom making shopping lists on iphone = worst idea ever . takes 4 times as long to shop .
1 nicolas cage is my least favorite actor and selma blair is my least favorite actress . have i said this before ? well , to reiterate
1 i love barack obama
1 barack obama blog - president obama to defend display of cross on public land . let is see if . .
1 playing gta liberty city story on the psp ! just killing people
1 aww well keep yeah head up , and be glad you are n't lindsay lohan !
1 during boring math lessons i write '' i < 3 justin bieber '' on my hand itsabelieberthing
1 '' i love madonna ... but she 's retarded '' . surely the best back-handed compliment ever ?
1 harding park 's toughest shot is now even tougher : and if you 're wondering how tiger woods will handle t . .
1 rt wesammer so obama won the nobel peace prize . why do n't we call that award what it really is ? the fuck you george bush award
1 - that boy 's a monsterrrr . -lrb- : -- i love lady gaga : --
1 you are so good at these updates ! i have a tracking number with no info . so we 'll see . hope you get your kindle soon .
1 relaxing on a sunday afternoon ! in peace due to the power outage ! no laptop ! no television ! no ipod !
1 has mariah carey 's home phone number thanks to big mouthed nick cannon xd she 's angry so many people have rang though , too scared to ring d :
1 oh god ... wii fit plus is like . . heaven to me ! it 's like ... got an adorable little calorie counter and work out sessions . oh god < 3 squeeeee
1 just gave one of my bosses a tutorial on his new ipad lol . this job = awesome
1 -lsb- wo n't it be great whn it works better ? ;-rrb- -rsb- endlessinstant : thanks to juli , i can update twitter in google wave . not as useful as igoogle tbqh
1 barack obama rallies doctors on healthcare reform ahead of senate vote arm twisting -lrb- i will have your leg broke -rrb- hcr
1 trying to find a good old movie to watch ... watched '' mean girls '' with lindsay lohan yesterday ... was pretty guud ... any propositions ?
1 i 'm loving all these collaboration mixes britneyspears is doing . would love to see her work with shakira . that would be fierce .
1 he did maximize the distance between the sarah palin and the nuclear trigger . that 's a peace-promoting accomplishment .
1 sarah shahi assails paris hilton 's driving on twitter : sarah shahi was tweetin ' mad over $t$ 's ba ... .
1 nicki minaj sexy ass smh i ca n't believe i 'm not there
1 i really miss my ipod , i feel so lost w/o my muzic !!
1 price compare harry potter and the half blood prince for ps2
1 diego / hughes sends man city doc with zabaleta to protect him from maradona
1 i ca n't believe i 'm saying this but i think glee makes me like justin bieber
1 i am fixing some problems that i found in starfieldbattle then its back to planning my next game xna xblig xbox
1 final from gms field : nyy 5 - tor 3 ; wp : hughes -lrb- 1-0 -rrb- ; lp purcey -lrb- 0-1 -rrb- ; sv : logan -lrb- 1 -rrb- ; a-rod -lrb- 2-for-3 -rrb- with 1 double ; rivera 1.0 perfect ip
1 please stop talking about the stupid kindle ! real books are so much cooler . just buy the original version ! -- ''
1 review : britney spears returns to the club with the gutsy and infectious femme fatale - hitfix.com . boom
1 hero is a very tempting iphone alternative .
1 heat , but mainly just kingjamesrt miamicheerjenna : who 's more hated now ? lakers or heat ?
1 sarah palin president ! jay moved to antarctica ! she is a homophobic bitch ! she lies each time she avoids a real question !
1 this google television post reminded me of what an awesome toy the speak and spell was . loved it ! .
1 sarah palin memoir - seriously . i may vomit . justsayin via shellykramer i so love you sk ... justsayin
1 britney spears 3 musicmonday fucking repetitive but damn catchy
1 rt neenie007 here i am teameffkobe rt bigjamaal : lakers where y' all at ? -lrb- we in this bitch i missed y' all -rrb-
1 i think britney spears is pretty damn awesome , you go girl !!!
1 so golf will be the the 2016 olympic games ! anyone wan na go support tiger woods ?
1 hey twitter goodmorning is your boy vlad the connect google purevanitynyc & pluggedndvdnyc much love twitter
1 lankaweb -- hillary clinton makes baseless accusations against sri ...
1 i think demi lovato is one of the only people on the disney channel who has genuine talent , and i respect that .
1 father of sarah palin ' s grandson to pose for playgirl : levi johnston is going for the ultimate exposure - the . .
1 congratulations to obama winning the nobel peace prize ... so he got an award for not being george bush ? lol
1 when see john boehner 's face on television i want to smack the shit out of it . but since i can barely afford the television i have i will refrain . maddow
1 musicmonday 3 - britney spears . the greatest thing is go out from school , go into your friend car , turn the radio on , 3 's on & sing like crazy !
1 tiger woods first sports player ever to be worth 1 billion , yes 1 billion $ . to play fucking golf !!?? hey america fuck your capitalism .
1 the microphones on stage make me feel like britney spears !
1 no sarah palin masks , shockingly
1 to the girls that wan na become '' famous '' by being justin bieber 's girlfriend u . are . no t.t thinking . straight ! because it dosnt werk that way ...
1 the secret diary of steve jobs : what an apple job offer looks like
1 via infowars : chileans receive obama with anti-nwo info blitz . tcot
1 - shaq is so lame . . lmao
1 my brother ca n't believe i married lindsay lohan lovely :--rrb- so , would you like to ?
1 i have my own laptop :d . but i do n't have windows 7 . . i have vista . but i get a free upgrade so i need to order it soon ! : d
1 top 3 weekly lastfm artists : lady gag - 154 . britney spears - 120 . mariah carey - 17 .
1 i 'm not sure how serious an artist a person is when all they want is to ' be famous ' and they ca n't wait for the next kim kardashian episode .
1 np bla bla blast ! - hot & cold -lrb- katy perry cover -rrb-
1 please send me a google wave invite to burnpur7 gmail.com ... if you send it 2012 will not happen : -rrb-
1 well help me out lol shit where you so i can bring you my ipod lol
1 rt loveloey : i fuck with the harry potter movies . / / i told you $t$ movies are the ish , read their books . its so amazing .
1 britney spears xox love 4 you congratsbritney
1 dear miley cyrus : please do not make america and britney spears the same thing . please please please . -lrb- see '' party in the usa '' video -rrb-
1 something 's wrong with my iphone . i ca n't send and receive texts and calls . : |
1 '' npdang : sheilachiamaka but ashton kutcher is not fine now ... yes i said it for no reason :p '' :| : ? : s nasocrasedeystart
1 serena williams : does serena 's fashion sense overshadow her talents on the court : i ca n't help but think that he ... .
1 celebrity textnews nicolas cage sues former business manager for $ 20 million - gaea times -lrb- blo . .
1 i 'm like harry potter with the invisibility cloak ! lol
1 britney news : aisha music : court clerk lists britney spears as dead
1 ohh ... yes ... sooo - . - i listen !! 3 the new single fantassstic britney spears the single collection i love it !!!!
1 i love the xbox vs ps3 videos technobuffalo
1 charlie sheen is a g ! lol
1 hell no celtics lol rt makeupbycelina : rt inibbleonclits fuck the lakers lol . . teamceltics < go shoot your self for that tweet . . $t$ baby !
1 i 'm hatin ' :] i love britney spears . . don hate : d
1 sarah palin , levi johnston , gay marriage , and w 's speechwriter : latest from ny comedy club .
1 justin bieber pranks willow smith -lrb- video -rrb- : $t$ and his organization of pranksters motionless to lift a ... .
1 lindsay lohan news $t$ looks like 10 miles of bad road -lrb- via a socialites ... : posted . .
1 children are loving our school ipad . so many uses for them and our new wireless network is running well .
1 bbc sport - maradona denies threat to resign : diego $t$ denies threatening to quit as argentina . .
1 why sarah palin remains wildly popular with many outside the beltway -lrb- ktva anchorage -rrb- : despite a torrent of cri . .
1 fail psp application does n't work .
1 windows 7 x64 successfully downloaded ... ca n't wait to do a clean install .
1 got really quiet on the rumor front about upcoming imacs , macbooks , mac minis in last few days . me thinks steve jobs is definitely back !
1 thanks to a certain media personality and new recording artist , i 've had miley cyrus or britney spears stuck in my head for this past week .
1 how the fuck did barack obama get the peace prize he hasnt done anything ?!
1 ca n't stop listening to britney spears - 3 . such an awesome driving song ! xd
1 tcot obama 's statement on jihad murders of israelis expresses condolences for palestinian deaths , calls for restrai ... .
1 not a fan of britney spears at all but i can honestly say that i 'm so happy that she 's got her life back on track !
1 nicolas cage is in financial trouble ? i smell even more shitty movies !
1 watching oprah , quite good must say : l
1 top5girl megan fox , britney spears , vanessa hudgens , demi lovato & selena gomez -lrb- tie ! -rrb- , miley cyrus . love them all the same !!
1 artist will mature & sell records obviously barbara streisand is doing it so is madonna they stay close to their core fan ! love them 4 that !
1 i hate the windows 7 adverts .
1 feel like a troll trying to get a google wave invite ... i just really want to try this thing out !
1 mccain says libyan rebels his heroes during visit : sen. john mccain says libyan rebels are his hero ... . world news
1 is crying over his dead psp .
1 '' dear president obama : thank you for not being george bush . here is your prize . love , europe '' nyt comment ftw
1 katy perry continues to spread the love , cleavage .
1 why are some boys afraid to admit they like britney spears music ?
1 wow funny . i just tried '' akinator '' application on my iphone and it already has andrew kramer as available answer :-rrb- you are famous : -rrb-
1 love how some people bum off john mayer & free falling ' because of harry . . lol lame people .
1 are . i . p '' micheal jackson '' we all love you , and miss you ... long live -lcb- the king of pop -rcb- !!!
1 lakers vs sacramento tonight 7 : 00 sucks that i have to work !!
1 we 're at chapter 14 in harry potter 1 . and i really feel like the kids should have gone to dumbledore sooner !! yikes ! : - p
1 anyone else sick of seeing the avatar of britney spears giving head ? raise your hands . pornbotssuck nopunintended / the worst
1 i just love britney griner . that is all . baylor
1 is it weird that i 've had multiple dreams about being harry potter ?
1 i really love the music on way too early with willie geist . i wo n't be paying $ 1.1 million for a sarah palin box though .
1 damn sorry i 'm going in on mariahcarey but it just felt so right . maybe it 's just cause i hate nick cannon . lol
1 pod touch has reader and a kindle application . another money saver and less gizmos .
1 golf , rugby accepted as olympic sports : october 9 , 2009 all those beautiful beaches -- and tiger woods , to . .
1 likes official website for tiger woods : still the best in terms of golf golfblogger - sports
1 its like saying who 's bill gates ? does he make gates ?? lol
1 i was gon na go get wii fit today . even though i 'm paying for it with my money and everything , my parents wo n't bring me . they 're ' too busy '
1 yeah 100 friends on xbox live but nm people talk to me * sigh * i dunno if i should start deleting but i know i 'll get spamed back = -lsb-
1 wtf barack obama , us president , 4 noble peace award ????
1 seriously if you look at his page he 's literally stalking people who like britney spears and chris crocker and telling them they 're going to hell
1 perez hilton >> britney breaks billboard record ! : good for her ! britney spears ' latest single ... < 3 chupaaa perez ! q
1 lindsay lohan is back on the boys ! the mean girls star -- who had an extremely volatile on/off romance with dj s . .
1 '' sarah palin , in her own odd vernacular , is incredibly sort of quotable and eloquent , in her own palinesque way . '' puke .
1 i do n't like katy perry much , but i like the song she 's done with kanye .
1 i want a google wave invite so bad . people are complaining that there are n't enough people . solution : add more people .
1 how can this person send a broadcast saying ' there 's a timid man on my train with an ipad if you wan na suck him my trains in brixton '
1 your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning '' bill gates << amen .
1 rt youngdedication everytime i delete these damn porn bots 5 more take its place ... i give up ... you win . . i 'll watch britney spears suck a penis
1 britney spears ha i love you so much ! and my favorites songs are if you seek amy and radar ! talk with me thanks so much
1 whoops , missed the last tweet . i quite like the queen and eminem ... madonna on the other hand ...
1 karl rove is the man ! this is a jimmy carter joke all over again and hussan will destroy kabul like carter caused tehran what a sad joke
1 damn i really just laughed off my brownie obsession !!! y that shit sound like britney spears but betta !!! roflllll
1 rafirus i am a big fan of madonna . hope you enjoy this song song as much as i do
1 lisa loeb on going as sarah palin for halloween 2008 : '' all the drunk new yorkers asked if i was supposed to be $t$ or lisa loeb . ''
1 lady gaga visits twitter offices - allie is wired : .
1 xsellycakes fuck harry potter . . - . -
1 i feel you lol rt gabdinero i love the ipad i just want my new macbook now lol rt nudiegangmikey : i want a macbook & an $t$ .
1 ca n't believe i woke up to lindsay lohan ' s painful tweets to samantha ! here we go again ... ; - -lrb-
1 yes , exactly , i share your opinion about the ipod btw , heard this and a sony , bought the walkman , louder and better sound !
1 why the fuck are we letting people like sarah palin and donald trump try to run our country ? like really ... wow smh ashamed to live in u.s.
1 my top 3 lastfm artists : britney spears -lrb- 131 -rrb- , glee cast -lrb- 31 -rrb- & rihanna -lrb- 25 -rrb- .
1 watching brave new girl created by britney spears and her mom : d
1 are democrats purposely creating president obama ' is image as another '' jimmy carter '' means well but ineffective as a president ?
1 12,000 and climbing ! 12,000 people telling john boehner he 's a raging hypocrite for threatening a government ... .
1 peanut butter and oreos makes me feel like lindsay lohan back when she was cute
1 when does modern warfare 2 come out for the xbox ?
1 lakers so is crack ! lol
1 please lord have someone avail 2 speak with my mama about this stupid iphone because she is driving me !!!!!!!!!
1 i upload a youtube video -- i love britney spears !
1 do n't confuse fame with success . madonna is one ; helen keller is the other . 882 people liked this !
1 watching barack obama try to govern falls under the guise of paranormal activity .
1 the lakers not making it to the 2011 championship thatwouldbeawesome
1 this is so funny '' hi i 'm justin bieber u all think your cool hatin on me but my hair costs more than your house '' lol !
1 gossip girls >> lindsay lohan : done with dad : continuing along with their tumultuous relation . .
1 '' there 's one reason the clinton healthcare bill failed and it is n't betsy mccaughey . it 's hillary clinton . '' - dailydish
1 damn cold sores . i do n't remember having my face buried in lindsay lohan ' s crotch .
1 that great long segment on conan delaying the arrival of russell brand and khloe kardashian ca n't be a mistake .
1 ii haven even played this damn gta in a while . . and why are they making new chapters for the xbox and not the ps3 ???
1 really ? that seems like more of a britney spears outfit to me ... like ... i 've seen her in a dress like that before . .
1 the biggest loser wii review
1 ok love game is on . . lady gaga , my dear , you need new music ; -rrb-
1 nic cage sues business manager for ' financial ruin ' : filed under : celebrity justice nicolas cage , who has made untold . .
1 the top 5 stars in need of help ... asap : abc news when lindsay lohan signed on to advise the high fashion house . .
